NEW

0	A young woman is seen standing in a room and leads into her dancing .	where is the young woman seen standing . ?	room


25	The child sets the mop down and plays with her family member .	the child sets what down and plays with her family member ?	mop
25	The child sets the mop down and plays with her family member .	what does the child set down ?	mop


28	The man mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor .	the man mixes up what and begins laying plaster on the floor ?	ingredients
28	The man mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor .	what does the man mix up ?	ingredients


33	He then bends down and grabs a ball .	he then bends down and grabs what ?	ball
33	He then bends down and grabs a ball .	what does he then grab ?	ball


52	The woman picks up a clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back .	the woman picks up what next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back ?	clipboard
52	The woman picks up a clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back .	what does the woman pick up next to her ?	clipboard


115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	two customers make a purchase and give what to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up ?	money
115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	what do two customers give to the seller ?	money


142	They strain the juice and pour it into a jar .	they strain what and pour it into a jar ?	juice
142	They strain the juice and pour it into a jar .	what do they strain ?	juice


147	The boy returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water .	the boy returns what to the faucet and turns off the water ?	nozzle
147	The boy returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water .	what does the boy return to the faucet ?	nozzle


157	He speaks some more and shows his harmonica again as the video goes to an end title screen that reads Howcast original '' .	he speaks and shows what again '' ?	harmonica
157	He speaks some more and shows his harmonica again as the video goes to an end title screen that reads Howcast original '' .	what does he show again '' ?	harmonica


270	He then lifts the car and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car .	he then lifts what and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car ?	car
270	He then lifts the car and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car .	what does he then lift ?	car


288	The lady put the violin on her lap and talked .	the lady put what on her lap and talked ?	violin
288	The lady put the violin on her lap and talked .	what did the lady put on her lap ?	violin


327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	he shoot what into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring ?	ball
327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	what do he shoot into the ring ?	ball


327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	he shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again , and shoot what into the ring ?	ball
327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	what do he shoot into the ring ?	ball


350	A man stands the camel up on it 's legs and walks around the area .	the man stands what up on it 's legs and walks around the area ?	camel
350	A man stands the camel up on it 's legs and walks around the area .	what does the man stand up on it 's legs ?	camel


NEW

355	Another person is seen sitting in a canoe and demonstrates how to properly turn around .	where is another person seen sitting . ?	canoe


384	Several people around her are watches and ca n't help but laugh .	several people around her are what and ca n't help but laugh ?	watches
384	Several people around her are watches and ca n't help but laugh .	several people around her are what but laugh ?	watches


385	The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab .	the woman is laughing as well and finally hits what for the children ?	pinata
385	The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab .	the woman finally hits what for the children ?	pinata


397	men opens the wooden door and enters in the gym and are watching the first men , and they panicked .	men opens what and enters in the gym and are watching the first men , and they panicked ?	door
397	men opens the wooden door and enters in the gym and are watching the first men , and they panicked .	what does men open , and they panicked ?	door


401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	she then mixes what together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side ?	ingredients
401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	what does she then mix together on a slice of bread ?	ingredients


401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	she then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates what while pouring chips out onto the side ?	sandwich
401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	what does she then create while pouring chips out onto the side ?	sandwich


432	They go into a bar and throw a ball into a girls drink starting a beer pong war .	they go into a bar and throw what into a girls drink starting a beer pong war ?	ball
432	They go into a bar and throw a ball into a girls drink starting a beer pong war .	what do they throw into a girls drink starting a beer pong war ?	ball


NEW

433	He wakes up in his dorm and then click on his ipad to start a beer pong championship .	where does he wake up . ?	dorm


436	After that is done , she grabs a white towel , dries her hands and wipes her mouth .	, she grabs what , dries her hands and wipes her mouth ?	towel
436	After that is done , she grabs a white towel , dries her hands and wipes her mouth .	what does , she grab ?	towel


499	A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon .	the cowboy walks what and is shot outside a saloon ?	dog
499	A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon .	what does the cowboy walk ?	dog


OLD

508	Throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife .	throws what and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife ?	towel


OLD

508	Throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife .	throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean what ?	knife


518	Next she shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup .	next she shakes everything up and strains what into the cocktail cup ?	drink
518	Next she shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup .	what did next she strain into the cocktail cup ?	drink


520	He then mixes an egg and milk together and puts the sandwich into the mix .	he then mixes an egg and milk together and puts what into the mix ?	sandwich
520	He then mixes an egg and milk together and puts the sandwich into the mix .	what does he put into the mix ?	sandwich


556	A person sprays a sink and wipes it with a towel .	the person sprays what and wipes it with a towel ?	sink
556	A person sprays a sink and wipes it with a towel .	what does the person spray ?	sink


558	They spray a toilet and wipe it with a toilet .	they spray what and wipe it with a toilet ?	toilet
558	They spray a toilet and wipe it with a toilet .	what does they spray ?	toilet


584	The boy then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air .	the boy then approached what and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air ?	bars
584	The boy then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air .	what did the boy then approach ?	bars


630	The person solves the puzzle and show a chronometer .	the person solves the puzzle and show what ?	chronometer
630	The person solves the puzzle and show a chronometer .	what do the person show ?	chronometer


643	The guy pats the horse and goes horseback riding .	the guy pats what and goes horseback riding ?	horse
643	The guy pats the horse and goes horseback riding .	what does the guy pat ?	horse


665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts what in the black leathe seat ?	lid
665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	what does man put in the black leathe seat ?	lid


667	the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it .	the man opens what and close it ?	trunk
667	the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it .	what does the man open ?	trunk


693	The man dismounts , and puts one victorious arm up into the air .	the man dismounts , and puts how many victorious arm up into the air ?	one
693	The man dismounts , and puts one victorious arm up into the air .	how many victorious arm does the man put up into the air ?	one


NEW

816	A person is seen sitting in a chair and leads into her peeling a potato with a knife .	where is the person seen sitting . ?	chair


835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	after , the chef adds what on top the pasta and serves in a dish ?	cheese
835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	what does after , the chef add on top the pasta ?	cheese


NEW

835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	where does after , the chef serve . ?	dish


882	The man picks up a steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand .	the man picks up what and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand ?	sup
882	The man picks up a steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand .	what does the man pick up he holds in opposite hand ?	sup


887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	the man stops and sepperates what , ?	cups
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	what does the man sepperates ?	cups


887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	the man stops shaking and sepperates how many cups , setting them back on the counter ?	two
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	how many cups does the man sepperates ?	two


909	He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it .	he starts and makes what ?	circles
909	He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it .	what does he make ?	circles


NEW

909	He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it .	where does he start to blow his smoke . ?	container


912	The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside .	the man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage what inside ?	features
912	The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside .	what does the man show storage inside ?	features


914	The man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around .	the man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places what into a socket and twists it around ?	frame
914	The man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around .	the man places what into a socket and twists it around ?	frame


915	The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire .	the man adjusts what and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire ?	rod
915	The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire .	what does the man adjust ?	rod


921	They both finish almost at the same time and solve the Rubic 's cube .	they both finish almost at the same time and solve what ?	cube
921	They both finish almost at the same time and solve the Rubic 's cube .	what do they both solve ?	cube


928	She uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table .	she uses what and places the glass on the table ?	strainer
928	She uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table .	what does she use ?	strainer


951	She turns around and launches the ball onto a field .	she turns around and launches what onto a field ?	ball
951	She turns around and launches the ball onto a field .	what does she launch onto a field ?	ball


954	He turns around and launches the ball on the field .	he turns around and launches what on the field ?	ball
954	He turns around and launches the ball on the field .	what does he launch on the field ?	ball


957	She also turns around and launches the ball onto the field .	she also turns around and launches what onto the field ?	ball
957	She also turns around and launches the ball onto the field .	what does she launch onto the field ?	ball


977	He then picks up the instrument and begins playing on stage .	he then picks up what and begins playing on stage ?	instrument
977	He then picks up the instrument and begins playing on stage .	what does he then pick up ?	instrument


995	The person puts a new tire on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on .	the person puts what on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on ?	tire
995	The person puts a new tire on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on .	what does the person put on ?	tire


999	A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well .	the man throws what and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well ?	ball
999	A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well .	what does the man throw ?	ball


1013	A young man in grey bounces a ball on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him .	the young man in grey bounces what on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him ?	ball
1013	A young man in grey bounces a ball on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him .	what does the young man in grey bounce on the table and in to one of the cups ?	ball


1016	The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot .	the two men clink shot what together and then drink the shot ?	glasses
1016	The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot .	what do the two men clink shot together ?	glasses


1053	The man lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air .	the man lets go of the rock and puts up how many peace signs in the air ?	two
1053	The man lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air .	how many peace signs does the man put up in the air ?	two


1054	The man fixes his snorkel and goggles .	the man fixes what and goggles ?	snorkel
1054	The man fixes his snorkel and goggles .	what does the man fix ?	snorkel


1077	One of the weightlifters successfully lifts the weight bar high up and then drops it down .	one of the weightlifters successfully lifts what up and then drops it down ?	high
1077	One of the weightlifters successfully lifts the weight bar high up and then drops it down .	one of the weightlifters successfully lifts what up ?	high


1111	The man then assembles a torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him .	the man then assembles what and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him ?	torch
1111	The man then assembles a torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him .	what does the man then assemble ?	torch


1119	We see a title screen and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen .	we see what and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen ?	screen
1119	We see a title screen and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen .	what do we see ?	screen


1128	When , the person match all the color , points the table and puts the cube puzzle on it .	when , the person match all the color , points the table and puts what on it ?	puzzle
1128	When , the person match all the color , points the table and puts the cube puzzle on it .	what does when , the person put on it ?	puzzle


1150	A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field .	the man picks up what and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field ?	ball
1150	A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field .	what does the man pick up ?	ball


1151	Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field .	another man in a blue shirt picks up what and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field ?	ball
1151	Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field .	what does another man in a blue shirt pick up ?	ball


1210	He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present .	he then puts what in a machine and then puts them in a plate to present ?	dough
1210	He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present .	he then puts what in a machine ?	dough


NEW

1210	He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present .	where does he put the dough to make spaghetti . ?	machine


1233	She holds up her shoe and lights a match over the polish .	she holds up what and lights a match over the polish ?	shoe
1233	She holds up her shoe and lights a match over the polish .	what does she hold up ?	shoe


1269	The man walks the bars , stretches and stands there .	the man walks what , stretches and stands there ?	bars
1269	The man walks the bars , stretches and stands there .	what does the man walk ?	bars


1270	The man mounts the bars and begins to spin .	the man mounts what and begins to spin ?	bars
1270	The man mounts the bars and begins to spin .	what does the man mount ?	bars


1273	A woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle .	the woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points what ?	nozzle
1273	A woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle .	what does the woman talks , then she point ?	nozzle


1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	then , the woman puts what and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	nozzle
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	what does then , the woman put , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	nozzle


1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum what , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	couch
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	what do then , the woman vacuum , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	couch


1295	He stands the other trunk and cuts it in half .	he stands what and cuts it in half ?	trunk
1295	He stands the other trunk and cuts it in half .	what does he stand ?	trunk


1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	the man lassos what , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up ?	calf
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	what does the man lasso ?	calf


1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	the man lassos the calf , jumps off what , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up ?	horse
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	what does the man jump off ?	horse


1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	the man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws what on its side and quickly ties it up ?	calf
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	what does the man throw on its side ?	calf


1338	She throws the ball and again prepares for another throw .	she throws what and again prepares for another throw ?	ball
1338	She throws the ball and again prepares for another throw .	what does she throw ?	ball


1340	She performs one last throw and spins herself around once again .	she performs how many last throw and spins herself around once again ?	one
1340	She performs one last throw and spins herself around once again .	how many last throw does she perform ?	one


1387	The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute .	the girl finishes the song and lowers what ?	flute
1387	The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute .	what does the girl lower ?	flute


1394	Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers .	two people climb what climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers ?	rock
1394	Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers .	what do two people climb climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers ?	rock


1399	A young man pulls a wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel .	the young man pulls what out and shows the proper structure of a wheel ?	wheel
1399	A young man pulls a wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel .	what does the young man pull out ?	wheel


1408	The lady sections her hair and adds product .	the lady sections her hair and adds what ?	product
1408	The lady sections her hair and adds product .	what does the lady add ?	product


1424	The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point .	the player in the red shirt misses what and gives his opponent a winning point ?	ball
1424	The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point .	what does the player in the red shirt miss ?	ball


1548	She then demonstrates the exercise bike and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym .	she then demonstrates exercise what and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym ?	bicycle
1548	She then demonstrates the exercise bike and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym .	what does she then demonstrate exercise ?	bicycle


1553	The man lets go , and grabs her jacket again .	the man lets , and grabs what again ?	jacket
1553	The man lets go , and grabs her jacket again .	what does the man grab again ?	jacket


1555	The man lefts go and grabs the jacket again .	the man lefts go and grabs what again ?	jacket
1555	The man lefts go and grabs the jacket again .	what does the man lefts grab again ?	jacket


1560	He flips the clothes over and irons the other side .	he flips what over and irons the other side ?	clothes
1560	He flips the clothes over and irons the other side .	what does he flip over ?	clothes


1574	She then puts mascara on as well as more lipstick and nods her head back and fourth smiling .	she then puts mascara on as well as what and nods her head back and fourth smiling ?	lipstick
1574	She then puts mascara on as well as more lipstick and nods her head back and fourth smiling .	what does she then put mascara on as well as ?	lipstick


1581	He also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks the drink .	he also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks what ?	drink
1581	He also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks the drink .	what does he also whisk ?	drink


1597	She moves the bucket up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out .	she moves what up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out ?	bucket
1597	She moves the bucket up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out .	what does she move up to the front of the classroom ?	bucket


1600	The two continuously hit the ball back and fourth to one another .	the two continuously hit what back and fourth to one another ?	ball
1600	The two continuously hit the ball back and fourth to one another .	the two continuously hit what back ?	ball


1624	The lady goes up and own the stairs .	the lady goes up and own what ?	stairs
1624	The lady goes up and own the stairs .	what do the lady own ?	stairs


1626	The man stands on a ladder and adds ornaments .	the man stands on a ladder and adds what ?	ornaments
1626	The man stands on a ladder and adds ornaments .	what does the man add ?	ornaments


1634	The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock .	the lady raises her foot and shows off what ?	sock
1634	The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock .	what does the lady show off ?	sock


1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	she brings what inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side ?	chair
1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	what does she bring inside ?	chair


1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	she brings the chair inside and pours what into a bucket and paints along the side ?	paint
1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	what does she pour into a bucket and paints along the side ?	paint


1653	she opens her mirror cabinet and takes her lipstick out .	she opens what and takes her lipstick out ?	cabinet
1653	she opens her mirror cabinet and takes her lipstick out .	what does she open ?	cabinet


1655	Then she uses the same lipstick and dabs it on her cheeks .	then she uses what and dabs it on her cheeks ?	lipstick
1655	Then she uses the same lipstick and dabs it on her cheeks .	what does then she use ?	lipstick


1668	He then jumps down and ties the calf .	he then jumps down and ties what ?	calf
1668	He then jumps down and ties the calf .	what does he then tie ?	calf


1716	She then holds up a contact lens and puts one in her eye .	she then holds up contact what and puts one in her eye ?	lens
1716	She then holds up a contact lens and puts one in her eye .	what does she then hold up contact ?	lens


1780	It pans to several shots of men playing soccer on a beach and kick the ball around .	it pans to several shots of men and kick what around ?	ball
1780	It pans to several shots of men playing soccer on a beach and kick the ball around .	what do it kick around ?	ball


1790	They start by making smoothies and read ingredients from coconut sugar .	they start by making smoothies and read what from coconut sugar ?	ingredients
1790	They start by making smoothies and read ingredients from coconut sugar .	what did they read from coconut sugar ?	ingredients


1809	One pauses and hits the ball on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play .	one pauses and hits what on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play ?	ball
1809	One pauses and hits the ball on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play .	one hits what on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play ?	ball


1821	This baby hits the ball and falls down .	this baby hits what and falls down ?	ball
1821	This baby hits the ball and falls down .	what does this baby hit ?	ball


1822	Then he gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again .	then he gets back up and grabs what ?	stick
1822	Then he gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again .	what does then he grab ?	stick


1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	she opens what and smokes a cigarette while she talks ?	case
1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	what does she open ?	case


1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	she opens a cigarette case and smokes what ?	cigarette
1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	what does she smoke ?	cigarette


1848	She then finishes her exercise routine , gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle .	she then finishes her exercise routine , gets off what and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle ?	equipment
1848	She then finishes her exercise routine , gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle .	what does she then get off ?	equipment


1853	the man adds three shots to the glass and shakes it .	the man adds how many shots to the glass and shakes it ?	three
1853	the man adds three shots to the glass and shakes it .	how many shots does the man add to the glass ?	three


1854	The man puts a strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass .	the man puts what on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass ?	strainer
1854	The man puts a strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass .	what does the man put on the glass ?	strainer


1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	the man pours what in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw ?	drink
1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	what does the man pour in the martini glass ?	drink


1857	An elderly man is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower .	an elderly man is setting up what and then goes off to get on his riding mower ?	camera
1857	An elderly man is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower .	what is an elderly man setting up ?	camera


1879	A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them .	the bike company is showing off what and how to fix them ?	bicycles
1879	A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them .	what is the bike company showing off ?	bicycles


1882	A person with gloves then shows off some tools and paste .	the person with gloves then shows off what and paste ?	tools
1882	A person with gloves then shows off some tools and paste .	what does the person with gloves then show off ?	tools


1907	She holds up a hair curler and puts it in her hair .	she holds up what and puts it in her hair ?	curler
1907	She holds up a hair curler and puts it in her hair .	what does she hold up ?	curler


NEW

1925	We see a man in a barber shop and see images of the shop .	where do we see a man . ?	shop


1936	The boys form a circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise .	the boys form what and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise ?	circle
1936	The boys form a circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise .	what do the boys form ?	circle


1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	he slices what and makes two toasts in a toaster ?	ham
1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	what does he slice ?	ham


1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	he slices some ham and makes how many toasts in a toaster ?	two
1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	how many toasts does he make in a toaster ?	two


1953	Then he puts mayonnaise on the bread and tops it with the meat , lettuce and tomato .	then he puts what on the bread and tops it with the meat , lettuce and tomato ?	mayonnaise
1953	Then he puts mayonnaise on the bread and tops it with the meat , lettuce and tomato .	what does then he put on the bread ?	mayonnaise


1961	The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument .	the man finishes the song and lowers what ?	instrument
1961	The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument .	what does the man lower ?	instrument


NEW

1984	Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera .	where are two people seen passing a ball back and fourth . ?	pool


2029	Then , the men ski down a hill covered with snow .	then , the men ski down what covered with snow ?	hill
2029	Then , the men ski down a hill covered with snow .	what do then , the men ski down covered with snow ?	hill


2032	Then , the man ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm .	then , the man ends playing and holds what on his left arm ?	bagpipes
2032	Then , the man ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm .	what does then , the man hold on his left arm ?	bagpipes


2129	A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after .	the woman is standing in front of him and flies what after ?	kite
2129	A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after .	what does the woman fly after ?	kite


2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	they push their cards and drink what , then pull cards and drink beer ?	beer
2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	they push their cards and drink what ?	beer


2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	they push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink what ?	beer
2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	what do they drink ?	beer


2180	The man uses his razor to trim his face and beard .	the man uses what and beard ?	razor
2180	The man uses his razor to trim his face and beard .	what does the man use ?	razor


2181	The man picks up a package and applies a product to his face .	the man picks up a package and applies what to his face ?	product
2181	The man picks up a package and applies a product to his face .	what does the man apply to his face ?	product


NEW

2209	The men then stand in the field with their paddles and actually get in the raft demonstrating the proper way to row .	where do the men then get demonstrating the proper way to row . ?	raft


2225	The man walks to and turns off the camera .	the man walks to and turns off what ?	camera
2225	The man walks to and turns off the camera .	what does the man turn off ?	camera


2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	the man picks up what and brushes it ?	boot
2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	what does the man pick up ?	boot


2249	The boys spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine .	the boys spin and flip what constantly and continue performing their drumming routine ?	sticks
2249	The boys spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine .	what do the boys spin and flip constantly ?	sticks


2254	The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards .	the first cat then stops and what afterwards ?	licks
2254	The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards .	the first cat then what afterwards ?	licks


2259	The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving .	the man then performs what and is followed by several clips of other people diving ?	dive
2259	The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving .	what does the man then perform ?	dive


2264	There men have chairs and are sitting int he subway way making some music .	there men have what and are sitting int he subway way making some music ?	chairs
2264	There men have chairs and are sitting int he subway way making some music .	what do there men have ?	chairs


2280	White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away .	white words on a black screen show up and read zucky wakeboarding how many summer and then fades away ?	2015
2280	White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away .	white words on a black screen read zucky wakeboarding how many summer and then fades away ?	2015


2363	The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth .	the kid flip what and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth ?	cigarette
2363	The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth .	what does the kid flip ?	cigarette


2385	We see the vacuum attachment product and see the product in action .	we see what and see the product in action ?	product
2385	We see the vacuum attachment product and see the product in action .	what do we see ?	product


2422	He shakes the drink together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses .	he shakes what together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses ?	drink
2422	He shakes the drink together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses .	what does he shake together ?	drink


2450	The girl does a flip , throws her baton and catches it while on the ground .	the girl does a flip , throws what and catches it while on the ground ?	baton
2450	The girl does a flip , throws her baton and catches it while on the ground .	what does the girl throw ?	baton


2452	The girl does a split and lays her baton on the ground .	the girl does a split and lays what on the ground ?	baton
2452	The girl does a split and lays her baton on the ground .	what does the girl lay on the ground ?	baton


2468	She takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies some mascara with a brush .	she takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies what with a brush ?	mascara
2468	She takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies some mascara with a brush .	she then applies what with a brush ?	mascara


2470	Then she removes her headband and straightens her hair to finish off her look .	then she removes what and straightens her hair to finish off her look ?	headband
2470	Then she removes her headband and straightens her hair to finish off her look .	what does then she remove ?	headband


2482	The man then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike .	the man then brings out what and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike ?	tools
2482	The man then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike .	the man then brings out what and tightens them along the bike ?	tools


NEW

2486	A girl walk in the room front the right doorway and sits down at the table .	where do the girl walk . ?	doorway


2514	She pours several ingredients into a shaker and shakes it .	she pours what into a shaker and shakes it ?	ingredients
2514	She pours several ingredients into a shaker and shakes it .	what does she pour into a shaker ?	ingredients


2549	The man continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife .	the man continues and then uses what ?	boards
2549	The man continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife .	the man then uses what ?	boards


2582	Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too .	someone puts what in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too ?	onions
2582	Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too .	what does someone put in the skillet ?	onions


NEW

2582	Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too .	where does someone put onions . ?	skillet


2626	The woman holds out a pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur .	the woman holds out what , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur ?	toy
2626	The woman holds out a pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur .	what does the woman hold out ?	toy


2647	The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera .	the individual sets aside what and walks towards the camera ?	shovel
2647	The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera .	what does the individual set aside ?	shovel


2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	he shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes what , sets the camera down and starts it ?	machine
2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	what does he prim ?	machine


2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	he shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets what down and starts it ?	camera
2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	what does he set down ?	camera


2658	He picks up the camera and gets a close up of the leaf blower again .	he picks up what and gets a close up of the leaf blower again ?	camera
2658	He picks up the camera and gets a close up of the leaf blower again .	what does he pick up ?	camera


2664	He then plays a harmonica moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing .	he then plays what moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing ?	harmonica
2664	He then plays a harmonica moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing .	what does he then play moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera ?	harmonica


2678	Then , the man sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat .	then , the man sail what and lay down on the border of the boat ?	boat
2678	Then , the man sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat .	what do then , the man sail ?	boat


2682	He finally gets off the stairs and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board .	he finally gets off what and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board ?	stairs
2682	He finally gets off the stairs and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board .	what does he finally get off ?	stairs


2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	the teen gets out swimming what and throws chair to the man ?	pool
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	what does the teen get out swimming ?	pool


2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	the teen gets out the swimming pool and throws what to the man ?	chair
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	what does the teen throw to the man ?	chair


2729	They chop the pepper in half .	they chop what in half ?	pepper
2729	They chop the pepper in half .	what do they chop in half ?	pepper


2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	an orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs what ?	cushions
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	what does an orange cat sniff ?	cushions


2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	the woman sits down on the couch and puts what in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat ?	cat
2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	the woman puts what in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat ?	cat


2756	After , the woman shows a container , then gabs the steam machine and shows while talking .	, then gabs what and shows while talking ?	machine
2756	After , the woman shows a container , then gabs the steam machine and shows while talking .	what does , then gab ?	machine


2778	Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls .	another man rides what doing and tricks and eventually falls ?	wakeboard
2778	Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls .	what does another man rid doing and tricks ?	wakeboard


2852	They stack up the potato slices and start chopping them into tiny pieces .	they stack up what and start chopping them into tiny pieces ?	slices
2852	They stack up the potato slices and start chopping them into tiny pieces .	what do they stack up ?	slices


2906	Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes .	then the girl change what and stand on a truck holding prizes ?	clothes
2906	Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes .	what do then the girl change ?	clothes


2919	She picks up a microphone and starts singing .	she picks up what and starts singing ?	microphone
2919	She picks up a microphone and starts singing .	what does she pick up ?	microphone


2924	Young people carry inflatable boats and get in the water .	young people carry what and get in the water ?	boats
2924	Young people carry inflatable boats and get in the water .	what do young people carry ?	boats


2936	The lady rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf .	the lady rinses what and puts them on a shelf ?	dishes
2936	The lady rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf .	what does the lady rinse ?	dishes


2946	Then he shakes beverage vigorously and pours into a conical glass .	then he shakes what vigorously and pours into a conical glass ?	beverage
2946	Then he shakes beverage vigorously and pours into a conical glass .	what does then he shake vigorously ?	beverage


2947	He then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts a cherry on the top .	he then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts what on the top ?	cherry
2947	He then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts a cherry on the top .	what does he then put on the top ?	cherry


2956	After , the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot .	pan and make what with orange juice in a pot ?	syrup
2956	After , the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot .	what do pan and make with orange juice in a pot ?	syrup


2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	an elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering what ?	ceiling
2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	what is an elderly man plastering ?	ceiling


NEW

2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	where is an elderly man standing . ?	room


2967	The man removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him .	the man removes what and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him ?	knife
2967	The man removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him .	what does the man remove ?	knife


2968	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping .	the man re-equips what and resumes chopping ?	knife
2968	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping .	what does the man re-equip ?	knife


2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	the man removes what and manipulates the ingredients around him again ?	knife
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	what does the man remove ?	knife


2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	the man removes the knife and manipulates what around him again ?	ingredients
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	what does the man manipulate around him again ?	ingredients


2970	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again .	the man re-equips what and resumes chopping again ?	knife
2970	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again .	what does the man re-equip ?	knife


2971	The man removes the knife and cleans up his work area .	the man removes what and cleans up his work area ?	knife
2971	The man removes the knife and cleans up his work area .	what does the man remove ?	knife


2991	He stands up and walks out the door .	he stands up and walks out what ?	door
2991	He stands up and walks out the door .	what does he walk out ?	door


2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	they open what and get a beer ?	fridge
2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	what do they open ?	fridge


2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	they open the fridge and get what ?	beer
2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	what do they get ?	beer


2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	the person continuously adjusts what and pans the camera all around it in the end ?	bicycle
2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	what does the person continuously adjust ?	bicycle


2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	the person continuously adjusts the bike and pans what all around it in the end ?	camera
2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	what does the person continuously pan all around it in the end ?	camera


3010	A few other teammates also perform the act , then we see the final scoreboard .	the few other teammates also perform the act , then we see what ?	scoreboard
3010	A few other teammates also perform the act , then we see the final scoreboard .	what do the few other teammates also perform the act , then we see ?	scoreboard


3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	the child drops what and goes for another ?	bulb
3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	what does the child drop ?	bulb


3020	The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings .	the camera pans up and then shows what ?	stockings
3020	The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings .	the camera then shows what ?	stockings


3029	He peddles the bike and shows the tire spinning again , ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more .	he peddles what and shows the tire spinning again , ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more ?	bicycle
3029	He peddles the bike and shows the tire spinning again , ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more .	what does he peddle ?	bicycle


3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	she bounces what on the ground and then serves the ball across the net ?	ball
3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	what does she bounce on the ground ?	ball


3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	she bounces the ball on the ground and then serves what across the net ?	ball
3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	she then serves what across the net ?	ball


3039	A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish .	the woman shows what with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish ?	dish
3039	A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish .	what does the woman show with vegetables ?	dish


3041	Then , the woman mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish .	then , the woman mix what and serves it on a dish ?	vegetables
3041	Then , the woman mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish .	what do then , the woman mix ?	vegetables


3043	They get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo , soap , and then rinse the dogs .	they get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo , soap , and then rinse what ?	dogs
3043	They get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo , soap , and then rinse the dogs .	what do they rinse ?	dogs


3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	they dry what and the dogs are much happier ?	dogs
3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	what do they dry and the dogs are much happier ?	dogs


3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	they dry the dogs and what are much happier ?	dogs
3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	what do they dry the dogs and are much happier ?	dogs


3051	She squeezes it out and then put the cloth into a bucket of soapy water .	she squeezes it out and then put what into a bucket of soapy water ?	cloth
3051	She squeezes it out and then put the cloth into a bucket of soapy water .	she then put what into a bucket of soapy water ?	cloth


3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	the man drinks what and then plays guitar indoor ?	coffee
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	what does the man drink ?	coffee


3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	the man drinks coffee and then plays what ?	guitar
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	the man then plays what ?	guitar


3117	He holds up his belt while speaking to the camera and begins climbing up the wall .	he holds up what to the camera and begins climbing up the wall ?	speaking
3117	He holds up his belt while speaking to the camera and begins climbing up the wall .	what does he hold up to the camera ?	speaking


3159	The man grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah .	the man grabs what and takes a hit from the hookah ?	hose
3159	The man grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah .	what does the man grab ?	hose


3161	The man bounces the ball and hits it with his racket .	the man bounces what and hits it with his racket ?	ball
3161	The man bounces the ball and hits it with his racket .	what does the man bounce ?	ball


3162	The man bounces the ball and hits it across the court .	the man bounces what and hits it across the court ?	ball
3162	The man bounces the ball and hits it across the court .	what does the man bounce ?	ball


3232	He uses a leveler and cutter and completes the room with grout before walking out .	he uses a leveler and cutter and completes what with grout before walking out ?	room
3232	He uses a leveler and cutter and completes the room with grout before walking out .	what does he complete ?	room


3287	She swings the ax again and looks back smiling to the camera .	she swings what again and looks back smiling to the camera ?	ax
3287	She swings the ax again and looks back smiling to the camera .	what does she swing again ?	ax


3316	The man turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine .	the man turns off what and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine ?	machine
3316	The man turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine .	what does the man turn off ?	machine


3322	People arrive to a place and gets off the horse and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes .	people arrive to a place and gets off what and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes ?	horse
3322	People arrive to a place and gets off the horse and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes .	people gets off what and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes ?	horse


3335	The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room .	the man pulls out what and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room ?	ladder
3335	The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room .	what does the man pull out ?	ladder


3353	A person lifts a dirt bike and places on a stool .	the person lifts what and places on a stool ?	bicycle
3353	A person lifts a dirt bike and places on a stool .	what does the person lift ?	bicycle


3363	Then he spins around and throws the ball far ahead .	then he spins around and throws what far ahead ?	ball
3363	Then he spins around and throws the ball far ahead .	what does then he throw far ahead ?	ball


NEW

3368	The man puts the mower in the shed and goes into the house .	where does the man put the mower . ?	shed


3401	He puts some ice cubes in a talll glass and then adds some Pimms in it .	he puts what in a talll glass and then adds some pimms in it ?	cubes
3401	He puts some ice cubes in a talll glass and then adds some Pimms in it .	what does he put in a talll glass ?	cubes


3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	he slices what and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick ?	lemons
3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	what does he slice ?	lemons


3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	he slices some lemons and puts what along with a cherry on a toothpick ?	lemons
3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	what does he put along with a cherry on a toothpick ?	lemons


3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	in the sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs what ?	plow
3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	what does in the sped up mode an elderly man grab ?	plow


3406	The man then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in .	the man then moves what and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in ?	view
3406	The man then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in .	what does the man then move ?	view


3407	The man grabs the camera , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard .	the man grabs what , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard ?	camera
3407	The man grabs the camera , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard .	what does the man grab ?	camera


3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	the man goes back outside , shows what and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	what does the man show and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog


3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	the man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts what down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	what does the man put down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog


3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	the woman opens what and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	faucet
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	what does the woman open , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	faucet


3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	the woman opens the faucet and washes what with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	dish
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	what does the woman wash with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	dish


3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	the woman holds what and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap ?	dog
3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	what does the woman hold ?	dog


NEW

3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	where do the woman take to the bathroom to take a bath while rubbing the body with soap . ?	bathtub


3453	Then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water .	then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board how many times and does various flips before he lands in the water ?	four
3453	Then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water .	then man then jumps off the diving board how many times ?	four


3506	A person is seen holding a tennis racket on a field and hits the ball across the field .	the person is seen and hits what across the field ?	ball
3506	A person is seen holding a tennis racket on a field and hits the ball across the field .	what does the person hit across the field ?	ball


3592	Someone chops the lemon and squeezes it into a glass .	someone chops what and squeezes it into a glass ?	lemon
3592	Someone chops the lemon and squeezes it into a glass .	what does someone chop ?	lemon


3656	She removes the clothes from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water .	she removes what from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water ?	clothes
3656	She removes the clothes from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water .	what does she remove from the tub ?	clothes


3658	She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes .	she adds what in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes ?	clothes
3658	She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes .	what does she add in the soapy water ?	clothes


3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	the person then grades what into a bowl and breaks open the pasta ?	cheese
3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	what did the person then grade into a bowl ?	cheese


3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	the person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open what ?	pasta
3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	what does the person then break open ?	pasta


3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	they put what into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together ?	pasta
3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	what did they put into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp ?	pasta


3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	they put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts what into one pan together ?	ingredients
3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	what does they put into one pan together ?	ingredients


3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front holds a brushteeth and put what and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	toothpaste
3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front put what and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	toothpaste


NEW

3680	A man lays in bed and wakes up .	where does the man lay . ?	bed


3685	She turns the pants back the right way and continues ironing them .	she turns what back the right way and continues ironing them ?	pants
3685	She turns the pants back the right way and continues ironing them .	what does she turn back the right way ?	pants


3708	The lady turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair .	the lady turns blow what off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair ?	dryer
3708	The lady turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair .	what does the lady turn blow off ?	dryer


3715	the man lassos a cow and throws it to the ground .	the man lassos what and throws it to the ground ?	cow
3715	the man lassos a cow and throws it to the ground .	what does the man lasso ?	cow


3744	Then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties a ponytail holder onto her hair .	then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties what onto her hair ?	holder
3744	Then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties a ponytail holder onto her hair .	what does then she tie onto her hair ?	holder


3766	After , the young girl begins to cut , fold , and tape the paper and places the bear inside .	after , the young girl begins and places what inside ?	bear
3766	After , the young girl begins to cut , fold , and tape the paper and places the bear inside .	what does after , the young girl place inside ?	bear


NEW

3799	The person sprays some white cleaning powder in the sink and then sprays some Clorox bleach on it .	where did the person spray some white cleaning powder . ?	sink


3806	The man dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence .	the man dips what into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence ?	paintbrush
3806	The man dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence .	what did the man dip into a bucket of paint ?	paintbrush


3810	She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket .	she turned around and get what from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket ?	napkins
3810	She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket .	what do she get from the wall ?	napkins


NEW

3810	She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket .	where did she throw the paper . ?	basket


NEW

3841	They take the cat back and set it in a chair .	where did they set it . ?	chair


3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	the man bounces what and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball ?	ball
3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	what does the man bounce , then he serves a ball ?	ball


3869	She gets her pole and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion .	she gets what and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion ?	pole
3869	She gets her pole and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion .	what does she get ?	pole


3904	Someone picks the dog up and puts it back down .	someone picks what up and puts it back down ?	dog
3904	Someone picks the dog up and puts it back down .	what does someone pick up ?	dog


3928	Then , another male comes and joins in , they play rock paper scissors and get back on board .	then , , they play what and get back on board ?	scissors
3928	Then , another male comes and joins in , they play rock paper scissors and get back on board .	what do then , , they play ?	scissors


3956	The man stops and empties his bag again .	the man stops and empties what again ?	bag
3956	The man stops and empties his bag again .	what does the man empty again ?	bag


3957	The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away .	the man empties what and puts it back on the mower and walks away ?	bag
3957	The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away .	what does the man empty ?	bag


3965	The man interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps .	the man interviews what and leads into another dancer performing steps ?	camera
3965	The man interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps .	what does the man interview ?	camera


3970	He then places two pieces of fruit on top , and eats them off with his mouth .	he then places how many pieces of fruit on top , and eats them off with his mouth ?	two
3970	He then places two pieces of fruit on top , and eats them off with his mouth .	how many pieces does he then place of fruit on top ?	two


3982	someone open the curtains and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face .	someone open what and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face ?	curtains
3982	someone open the curtains and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face .	what do someone open ?	curtains


4028	A person starts the mower and begins pushing it alongside the rock border .	the person starts what and begins pushing it alongside the rock border ?	mower
4028	A person starts the mower and begins pushing it alongside the rock border .	what does the person start ?	mower


4080	She folds the pants neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly .	she folds what neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly ?	pants
4080	She folds the pants neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly .	what does she fold neatly on an ironing board ?	pants


4088	We see the man outdoors swimming and make 3 goals .	we see the man outdoors swimming and make how many goals ?	three
4088	We see the man outdoors swimming and make 3 goals .	how many goals do we make ?	three


4094	We pan left and see the ocean .	we pan left and see what ?	ocean
4094	We pan left and see the ocean .	what do we pan see ?	ocean


4123	She lifts the shirt up and puts it over the ironing board .	she lifts what up and puts it over the ironing board ?	shirt
4123	She lifts the shirt up and puts it over the ironing board .	what does she lift up ?	shirt


4124	She turns the shirt inside out and holds it up .	she turns what out and holds it up ?	inside
4124	She turns the shirt inside out and holds it up .	what does she turn out ?	inside


4127	The girl sits at the table and shows a gift bag .	the girl sits at the table and shows what ?	bag
4127	The girl sits at the table and shows a gift bag .	what does the girl show ?	bag


4187	She sprays the shoe with Windex and wipes it off .	she sprays what with windex and wipes it off ?	shoe
4187	She sprays the shoe with Windex and wipes it off .	what did she spray with windex ?	shoe


4219	Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away .	others then join in and the boy picks up what and walks away ?	dog
4219	Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away .	what do others then join in and the boy picks up and walks away ?	dog


4235	Then , the woman lights a cigarette and smokes .	then , the woman lights what and smokes ?	cigarette
4235	Then , the woman lights a cigarette and smokes .	what does then , the woman light ?	cigarette


4239	The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path .	the rafters climb out from there what onto the shore and walk up the path ?	boat
4239	The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path .	what do the rafters climb out from there onto the shore ?	boat


4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	the girl enters what and see the bears , then she leaves the room ?	room
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	what does the girl enter , then she leaves the room ?	room


4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	the girl enters the room and see what , then she leaves the room ?	bears
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	what do the girl see , then she leaves the room ?	bears


4303	The man backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down .	the man backs what up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down ?	horse
4303	The man backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down .	what does the man back up a bit ?	horse


4313	He does this to his other foot and then walks along the rocks while a man records him and others walk around .	he does this to his other foot and then walks along what ?	rocks
4313	He does this to his other foot and then walks along the rocks while a man records him and others walk around .	he then walks along what ?	rocks


4317	The girl stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin .	the girl stops playing and pulls what away from her chin ?	violin
4317	The girl stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin .	what does the girl pull away from her chin ?	violin


4319	The man starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items .	the man starts and shows what various items ?	camera
4319	The man starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items .	what does the man show ?	camera


4322	The man enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear .	the man enters what and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear ?	pool
4322	The man enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear .	what does the man enter ?	pool


4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	the person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds what on top of it ?	slice
4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	the person then puts two slices of cheese on it and adds what on top of it ?	slice


4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	the person then takes how many slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it ?	one
4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	how many slice does the person then take ?	one


4334	The men then flip each other down on the ground .	the men then flip what on the ground ?	down
4334	The men then flip each other down on the ground .	what do the men then flip on the ground ?	down


4372	Both girls end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach .	both girls end the spar and remove what ?	gear
4372	Both girls end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach .	what do both girls remove ?	gear


4413	The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper .	the woman places what on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper ?	tool
4413	The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper .	what does the woman place on the top and bottom of the wallpaper ?	tool


4425	A man places a tile onto the floor and pushes it down .	the man places what onto the floor and pushes it down ?	tile
4425	A man places a tile onto the floor and pushes it down .	what does the man place onto the floor ?	tile


4430	The person drops the towel and picks it up .	the person drops what and picks it up ?	towel
4430	The person drops the towel and picks it up .	what does the person drop ?	towel


4438	The woman notices the camera and laughs , but continues dancing .	the woman notices what and laughs , but continues dancing ?	camera
4438	The woman notices the camera and laughs , but continues dancing .	what does the woman notice ?	camera


4439	A technician walks along a roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose .	the technician walks along what and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose ?	roof
4439	A technician walks along a roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose .	what does the technician walk along ?	roof


4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	woman is holding what and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it ?	clipper
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	what is woman holding ?	clipper


4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut what nails ?	cat
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	what did woman cut nails ?	cat


4489	She walks over to a sink , puts on gloves and washes dishes .	she walks over to a sink , puts on gloves and washes what ?	dishes
4489	She walks over to a sink , puts on gloves and washes dishes .	what does she wash ?	dishes


4491	She puts ingredients into a glass bowl and mixes it together .	she puts what into a glass bowl and mixes it together ?	ingredients
4491	She puts ingredients into a glass bowl and mixes it together .	what does she put into a glass bowl ?	ingredients


4493	She combines all the ingredients into the bowl and mixes it together .	she combines what into the bowl and mixes it together ?	ingredients
4493	She combines all the ingredients into the bowl and mixes it together .	what does she combine into the bowl ?	ingredients


4522	As he throws his lasso , he misses the cow and runs to get something before going back to the cow .	, he misses what and runs to get something before going back to the cow ?	cow
4522	As he throws his lasso , he misses the cow and runs to get something before going back to the cow .	what does , he miss ?	cow


4531	He then holds up a small silver piece and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike .	he then holds up what and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike ?	piece
4531	He then holds up a small silver piece and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike .	what does he then hold up ?	piece


4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	the man adjusts what and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor ?	machine
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	what does the man adjust ?	machine


4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	the man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry what and mops the floor ?	sink
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	what do the man dry ?	sink


4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	the man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops what ?	floor
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	what does the man mop ?	floor


4567	The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire .	the man puts what behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire ?	brick
4567	The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire .	what does the man put behind his tire ?	brick


4568	The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire .	the man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes what ?	tire
4568	The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire .	what does the man remove ?	tire


4569	The man puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground .	the man puts on his spare and lowers what to the ground ?	car
4569	The man puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground .	what does the man lower to the ground ?	car


NEW

4573	A camera pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool .	where does the camera lead into a person climbing and moving around the pool . ?	kayak


4592	They mix ingredients in a bowl .	they mix what in a bowl ?	ingredients
4592	They mix ingredients in a bowl .	what do they mix in a bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

4592	They mix ingredients in a bowl .	where do they mix ingredients . ?	bowl


4593	They cook the bread on a grill .	they cook what on a grill ?	bread
4593	They cook the bread on a grill .	what do they cook on a grill ?	bread


4596	Then , a man pedal the bike while showing the handle .	then , the man pedal what while showing the handle ?	bicycle
4596	Then , a man pedal the bike while showing the handle .	what do then , the man pedal while showing the handle ?	bicycle


4602	He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way .	he pointed what and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way ?	wall
4602	He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way .	what did he point , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way ?	wall


4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	all three girls stand and then drop what ?	cap
4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	what do all three girls drop ?	cap


4730	The men then ride horses and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform .	the men then ride what and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform ?	horses
4730	The men then ride horses and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform .	what do the men then ride ?	horses


NEW

4739	A group of adult students sit in a classroom style room and look to the front of the class as if attending a class and listening intensely .	where do the group of adult students sit . ?	room


4763	He adjusts the bag pipe and continues to play .	he adjusts what and continues to play ?	pipe
4763	He adjusts the bag pipe and continues to play .	what does he adjust ?	pipe


4801	We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera .	we see the man stop rowing and walks and gets what ?	camera
4801	We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera .	what does we walk and gets ?	camera


4832	The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court .	the girls move to the left side and perform what on the left side of the court ?	drill
4832	The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court .	what do the girls perform on the left side of the court ?	drill


4853	Someone grabs a rubix cube off of their desk and begin to solve it .	someone grabs what off of their desk and begin to solve it ?	cube
4853	Someone grabs a rubix cube off of their desk and begin to solve it .	what does someone grab off of their desk ?	cube


4876	They poke holes in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it .	they poke what in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it ?	holes
4876	They poke holes in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it .	what do they poke in the cake with knives ?	holes


4893	The lady then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it .	the lady then begins and puts what into it ?	greens
4893	The lady then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it .	what does the lady then put into it ?	greens


4932	finally she deals out two more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas she dealt the card from the start .	finally she deals out how many more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas ?	two
4932	finally she deals out two more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas she dealt the card from the start .	how many more cards does finally she deal out to her self ?	two


5022	Another man approaches the circle , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee .	another man approaches what , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee ?	circle
5022	Another man approaches the circle , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee .	what does another man approach ?	circle


5026	Then he fixes the center nut and uses a wrench to loosen it .	then he fixes what and uses a wrench to loosen it ?	nut
5026	Then he fixes the center nut and uses a wrench to loosen it .	what does then he fix ?	nut


5062	After , the male grabs the two bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand , he comes down , and does another one .	after , the male grabs how many bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand , he comes down , and does another one ?	two
5062	After , the male grabs the two bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand , he comes down , and does another one .	how many bars does after , the male grab , he comes down , and does another one ?	two


5071	A man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs an ax .	the man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs what ?	ax
5071	A man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs an ax .	what does the man in a cowboy hat grab ?	ax


5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	the man drops what and turns off the camera ?	ax
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	what does the man drop ?	ax


5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	the man drops the ax and turns off what ?	camera
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	what does the man turn off ?	camera


5078	The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other .	the man run back and fourth and hit what off the wall to each other ?	ball
5078	The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other .	what did the man hit off the wall to each other ?	ball


5088	The dog catches , flips , and chases the frisbees .	the dog catches , flips , and chases what ?	frisbees
5088	The dog catches , flips , and chases the frisbees .	what does the dog chase ?	frisbees


5110	Then he smears cement onto the floor and lies the tiles on top of it .	then he smears cement onto the floor and lies what on top of it ?	tiles
5110	Then he smears cement onto the floor and lies the tiles on top of it .	what does then he lie on top of it ?	tiles


5119	The girl kneels down and picks up a baton .	the girl kneels down and picks up what ?	baton
5119	The girl kneels down and picks up a baton .	what does the girl pick up ?	baton


5134	The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays .	the scuba diver rides what and then looks at rays ?	horse
5134	The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays .	what does the scuba diver rid ?	horse


5202	They then scuba dive to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor .	they then scuba what to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor ?	dive
5202	They then scuba dive to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor .	what did they then scuba to the bottom ?	dive


5221	He throws the ball and watches it glide down the lane multiple times .	he throws what and watches it glide down the lane multiple times ?	ball
5221	He throws the ball and watches it glide down the lane multiple times .	what does he throw ?	ball


5244	After , men water ski jumping and turning around .	after , men water what jumping and turning around ?	ski
5244	After , men water ski jumping and turning around .	what do after , men water jumping and turning around ?	ski


5247	They then put soap into their hands , scrub for a bit , and then run their hands under the water .	they then put what into their hands , scrub for a bit , and then run their hands under the water ?	soap
5247	They then put soap into their hands , scrub for a bit , and then run their hands under the water .	what did they then put into their hands , scrub for a bit , ?	soap


5278	The girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera .	the girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up what ?	phone
5278	The girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera .	what does the girl hold up ?	phone


NEW

5334	A man in polo shirt stands with a bike on a rack and demonstrates it 's different features in a bike shop .	where does the man in polo shirt demonstrate it 's different features . ?	shop


5335	The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more .	the man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns what before adjusting more ?	wheel
5335	The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more .	what does the man turn before adjusting more ?	wheel


5347	She spins the drums around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her .	she spins what around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her ?	drums
5347	She spins the drums around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her .	what does she spin around through her finger tips ?	drums


5383	The lady finishes and holds the shirt up .	the lady finishes and holds what up ?	shirt
5383	The lady finishes and holds the shirt up .	what does the lady hold up ?	shirt


5405	She then takes them out of the oven and puts the cookies onto a plate .	she then takes them out of the oven and puts what onto a plate ?	cookies
5405	She then takes them out of the oven and puts the cookies onto a plate .	what does she then put onto a plate ?	cookies


5407	The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron .	the boy continues and eventually puts what on the table ?	dress
5407	The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron .	the boy eventually puts what on the table ?	dress


5408	He irons the dress and swings it around .	he irons what and swings it around ?	dress
5408	He irons the dress and swings it around .	what does he iron ?	dress


5414	He puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides .	he puts what into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides ?	products
5414	He puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides .	what does he put into a sink ?	products


5415	He wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink .	he wipes down the counter and shows off what ?	sink
5415	He wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink .	what does he show off ?	sink


5418	Many owners and dogs throwing and catching frisbees and doing tricks while doing so .	many owners and dogs throwing and catching what and doing tricks while doing so ?	frisbees
5418	Many owners and dogs throwing and catching frisbees and doing tricks while doing so .	what are many owners and dogs throwing and catching ?	frisbees


5421	A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs .	the guy holds what and instructs ?	stick
5421	A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs .	what does the guy hold ?	stick


5439	The dealer turns a card over and takes the man 's chips .	the dealer turns what over and takes the man 's chips ?	card
5439	The dealer turns a card over and takes the man 's chips .	what does the dealer turn over ?	card


5507	The woman then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out .	the woman then squeezes and orange and pours what juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out ?	orange
5507	The woman then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out .	what does the woman then squeeze and orange and pours ?	orange


NEW

5556	The trio of women come back onto the screen and continue the dance in the studio .	where do the trio of women continue the dance . ?	studio


NEW

5582	A woman sits in a salon and has her hair curled .	where does the woman sit . ?	salon


5610	He lifts the barbell up to his chest , rests for a moment , then lifts it over his head .	he lifts what up to his chest , rests for a moment , then lifts it over his head ?	barbell
5610	He lifts the barbell up to his chest , rests for a moment , then lifts it over his head .	what does he lift up to his chest ?	barbell


5681	He pans all around his tools and shows off a kit .	he pans all around his tools and shows off what ?	kit
5681	He pans all around his tools and shows off a kit .	what does he show off ?	kit


5718	She holds up a box that has barcodes and reads `` Sterling Gray '' on it .	she holds up what and reads `` sterling gray '' on it ?	box
5718	She holds up a box that has barcodes and reads `` Sterling Gray '' on it .	what does she hold up ?	box


5721	man is opening a box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike .	man is opening what with scissors and take out an unarmed bike ?	box
5721	man is opening a box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike .	what is man opening with scissors ?	box


NEW

5731	A car is seen driving around and leads into a man pumping air in the tire .	where does the car lead into a man pumping air . ?	tire


5764	The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down .	the boy goes and pins what down ?	cow
5764	The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down .	what does the boy pin down ?	cow


5782	After his preparations he swings the hammer around in a circle and tosses it as far as he can .	after his preparations he swings what around in a circle and tosses it as far ?	hammer
5782	After his preparations he swings the hammer around in a circle and tosses it as far as he can .	what does after his preparations he swing around in a circle ?	hammer


NEW

5815	A female gymnasts sits in a chair and waits for her turn .	where does the female gymnasts sit . ?	chair


5824	The athlete run and ripped his shirt off , while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered .	the athlete run and ripped what off , ?	shirt
5824	The athlete run and ripped his shirt off , while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered .	what did the athlete rip off ?	shirt


5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	he sprays what with windex and wipes the mirror off ?	mirror
5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	what did he spray with windex ?	mirror


5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	he sprays the mirror with windex and wipes what off ?	mirror
5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	what does he wipe off ?	mirror


5865	The girl , finally , takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back .	the girl , finally , takes how many long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back ?	one
5865	The girl , finally , takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back .	how many long inhale does the girl , finally , take ?	one


5870	He hits a bowling ball with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it .	he hits what with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it ?	ball
5870	He hits a bowling ball with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it .	what does he hit with a croquet mallet ?	ball


5879	Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance , The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks .	another man hits what and does a dance , the young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks ?	ball
5879	Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance , The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks .	what does another man hit , the young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks ?	ball


5910	The man then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of Miracle Whip .	the man then opens what and pulls out a new bottle of miracle whip ?	refrigerator
5910	The man then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of Miracle Whip .	what does the man then open ?	refrigerator


5912	The man then opens a bag of Swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice .	the man then opens a bag of swiss cheese and places what on each bread slice ?	slice
5912	The man then opens a bag of Swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice .	what does the man then place on each bread slice ?	slice


5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	he then puts what on top of each other and completes the sandwich ?	slices
5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	what does he then put on top of each other ?	slices


5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	he then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes what ?	sandwich
5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	what does he then complete ?	sandwich


5966	The man lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down .	the man lifts what up over his head and throws it back down ?	bar
5966	The man lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down .	what does the man lift up over his head ?	bar


5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	the male dips the plate into the water and uses what ?	rug
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	what does the male dips use ?	rug


5976	The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack .	the male soaks what and then puts it on a dish drying rack ?	plate
5976	The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack .	what does the male soak ?	plate


5987	A man swings and throws the hammer repeatedly .	the man swings and throws what repeatedly ?	hammer
5987	A man swings and throws the hammer repeatedly .	what does the man throw repeatedly ?	hammer


5994	Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face .	four men get off what and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face ?	car
5994	Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face .	what do four men get off ?	car


6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	the woman drain what , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls ?	pasta
6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	the woman drain what , and put it on the sauce ?	pasta


6063	He then plays the instrument while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera .	he then plays what while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera ?	instrument
6063	He then plays the instrument while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera .	he then plays what while looking at the camera ?	instrument


6073	She steps off the ladder and continues to steam the wallpaper .	she steps off what and continues to steam the wallpaper ?	ladder
6073	She steps off the ladder and continues to steam the wallpaper .	what does she step off ?	ladder


6075	She moves the ladder , climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall , picking the pieces that stick from the wall .	she moves what , climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall , picking the pieces that stick from the wall ?	ladder
6075	She moves the ladder , climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall , picking the pieces that stick from the wall .	what does she move ?	ladder


6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	the little girl is holding what and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme ?	stick
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	what is the little girl holding ?	stick


6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	the little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting what ?	pinata
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	what is the little girl gently hitting ?	pinata


6111	A person cleans a window screen , and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush .	the person cleans what , and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush ?	screen
6111	A person cleans a window screen , and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush .	what does the person clean ?	screen


6116	She then brings up a knife and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it .	she then brings up what and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it ?	knife
6116	She then brings up a knife and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it .	what does she then bring up ?	knife


6157	He trips , then kicks the ball into the air , hitting it .	he trips , then kicks what into the air , ?	ball
6157	He trips , then kicks the ball into the air , hitting it .	he then kicks what into the air ?	ball


6168	The man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick .	the man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit what with the billiard stick ?	ball
6168	The man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick .	what did the man hit with the billiard stick ?	ball


6209	A man bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch .	the man bounces and balances on the rope as how many other men watch ?	three
6209	A man bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch .	how many other men does the man balance on the rope as watch ?	three


6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	the man is holding what and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball ?	ball
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	what is the man holding ?	ball


6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	the man is holding a ball and begins and then throws what ?	ball
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	the man begins and then throws what ?	ball


6286	We see the harp again and the orchestra before returning to the harp .	we see what again and the orchestra before returning to the harp ?	harp
6286	We see the harp again and the orchestra before returning to the harp .	what do we see again ?	harp


6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	the climber checks what and shakes the clip off of his rope ?	rope
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	what does the climber check ?	rope


6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	the climber checks his rope and shakes what off of his rope ?	clip
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	what does the climber shake off of his rope ?	clip


6343	He applies ointment to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe .	he applies what to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe ?	ointment
6343	He applies ointment to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe .	what does he apply to the shoe ?	ointment


6351	The man drops his block and resumes buffing .	the man drops what and resumes buffing ?	block
6351	The man drops his block and resumes buffing .	what does the man drop ?	block


6403	Then , the girl grab the spoon and eats the ice cream .	then , the girl grab what and eats the ice cream ?	spoon
6403	Then , the girl grab the spoon and eats the ice cream .	what do then , the girl grab ?	spoon


6427	He stops working out and releases the bar .	he stops and releases what ?	bar
6427	He stops working out and releases the bar .	what does he release ?	bar


6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	the man fry what in a pan and stir with a large spoon ?	vegetables
6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	what did the man fry in a pan ?	vegetables


NEW

6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	where did the man fry vegetables . ?	pan


6430	He roll the omelette and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish .	he roll what and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish ?	omelette
6430	He roll the omelette and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish .	what do he roll , then the man serves the omelette on a dish ?	omelette


6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	the mother opens what and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking ?	oven
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	what does the mother open ?	oven


6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	the mother opens the oven and puts what into the oven for baking ?	dough
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	what does the mother put ?	dough


6457	He finally solves the cube , and stands up from the table .	he finally solves what , and stands up from the table ?	cube
6457	He finally solves the cube , and stands up from the table .	what does he finally solve ?	cube


6496	He then grabs a metal mask and positions himself correctly on the floor .	he then grabs what and positions himself correctly on the floor ?	mask
6496	He then grabs a metal mask and positions himself correctly on the floor .	what does he then grab ?	mask


6503	She puts some mousse into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair .	she puts what into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair ?	mousse
6503	She puts some mousse into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair .	what does she put into her hand ?	mousse


6558	The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top .	the man then bounces the racket down and hits what on top ?	balancing
6558	The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top .	what does the man hit on top ?	balancing


NEW

6562	The boy sits in a chair and test a haircut .	where does the boy sit . ?	chair


6576	A person holds up a flag and shows other people watching on the sides .	the person holds up what and shows other people watching on the sides ?	flag
6576	A person holds up a flag and shows other people watching on the sides .	what does the person hold up ?	flag


6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	the boys then mix what in a bowl ?	ingredients
6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	what do the boys then mix in a bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	where do the boys then mix ingredients . ?	bowl


6606	The man then walks and turns off the camera .	the man then walks and turns off what ?	camera
6606	The man then walks and turns off the camera .	what does the man then turn off ?	camera


6643	Next he shows the buckets close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets .	next he shows what close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets ?	buckets
6643	Next he shows the buckets close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets .	what does next he show close up ?	buckets


6666	A person leads a large dog on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor .	the person leads what on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor ?	dog
6666	A person leads a large dog on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor .	what does the person lead on a leash back ?	dog


6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	the dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out what and smiles ?	door
6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	the dog looks out what and smiles ?	door


6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	we see what and see frozen fish sitting in the snow ?	screen
6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	what do we see ?	screen


6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	we see a title screen and see what in the snow ?	fish
6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	what do we see in the snow ?	fish


6759	He forms huge circles and stands up .	he forms what and stands up ?	circles
6759	He forms huge circles and stands up .	what does he form ?	circles


6772	A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower .	the man walks through his yard and retrieves push what ?	blower
6772	A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower .	what does the man retrieve push ?	blower


6774	The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away .	the man finishes and pushes what beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away ?	blower
6774	The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away .	what does the man push beside the fence with the other machinery ?	blower


6798	The young person then does a 360 flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after , he does another trick .	the young person then does how many flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after ?	360
6798	The young person then does a 360 flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after , he does another trick .	how many flip does the young person then do in the water ?	360


6817	She places the pieces together and ends by smiling to the camera .	she places what together and ends by smiling to the camera ?	pieces
6817	She places the pieces together and ends by smiling to the camera .	what does she place together ?	pieces


6830	The man peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough .	the man peels what with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough ?	pieces
6830	The man peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough .	what does the man peel with a machine ?	pieces


6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	the man then rolls out what and shows off his finished pasta ?	dough
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	what does the man then roll out ?	dough


6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	the man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off what ?	pasta
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	what does the man then show off ?	pasta


NEW

6879	A lady sits in a tub and rubs her legs with water while wearing an exfoliater glove .	where does the lady sit . ?	tub


6889	She puts the bottle down on the sink and walks away .	she puts what down on the sink and walks away ?	bottle
6889	She puts the bottle down on the sink and walks away .	what does she put down on the sink ?	bottle


NEW

6890	A small group of people are seen swimming in a pool and leads into various clips of children learning how to swim .	where are the small group of people seen swimming . ?	pool


6900	The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera .	the man holds up what and speaks to the camera ?	leaves
6900	The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera .	what does the man hold up ?	leaves


NEW

6912	man squeeze out the mop in a bucket .	where do man squeeze out the mop . ?	bucket


6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	the man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks what and the balls go in many directions ?	balls
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	what does the man in the light blue shirt break and the balls go in many directions ?	balls


6963	He grabs a towel and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well .	he grabs what and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well ?	towel
6963	He grabs a towel and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well .	what does he grab ?	towel


7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	she shows off what and finally puts her knitting gear down ?	sweater
7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	what does she show off ?	sweater


7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	she shows off her sweater and finally puts what down ?	gear
7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	she finally puts what down ?	gear


7006	Then she adds some food coloring to the lemonade and stirs it well .	then she adds what to the lemonade and stirs it well ?	coloring
7006	Then she adds some food coloring to the lemonade and stirs it well .	what does then she add to the lemonade ?	coloring


7007	She then pours the lemonade in a glass with ice and gives it to her son .	she then pours what in a glass with ice and gives it to her son ?	lemonade
7007	She then pours the lemonade in a glass with ice and gives it to her son .	what does she then pour in a glass with ice ?	lemonade


7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	the man steps froward and slaps what on his thigh ?	discs
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	what does the man steps slap on his thigh ?	discs


7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	woman daw the face with black markers and open what on the pumpkin ?	holes
7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	woman open what on the pumpkin ?	holes


7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	she exhales one last time and then put what out on a wall ?	cigarette
7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	she then put what out on a wall ?	cigarette


7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	she exhales how many last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall ?	one
7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	how many last time does she exhale ?	one


7099	The man then cleans the dishes and puts them away , then looking over upset to see more dishes .	the man then cleans what and puts them away , then looking over upset ?	dishes
7099	The man then cleans the dishes and puts them away , then looking over upset to see more dishes .	what does the man then clean ?	dishes


7131	woman put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla .	woman put what on a bowl and mix it with vanilla ?	egg
7131	woman put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla .	what did woman put on a bowl ?	egg


NEW

7134	sugar and butter are mixed in a bowl till cream and put the vanilla and the powder ingredients with the chocolate and he nuts .	where are sugar and butter mixed till cream . ?	bowl


7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	woman used what for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	painting
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what did woman use for make details ?	painting


7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	woman used some black painting for make details , put what on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	stamp
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what did woman put on the corner ?	stamp


7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished what with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	painting
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what did woman finish with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	painting


7191	She further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties another hair tie around it .	she further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties what around it ?	tie
7191	She further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties another hair tie around it .	what does she further tie around it ?	tie


7207	A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water .	the camera pans around a lake and shows what moving along the water ?	boat
7207	A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water .	what does the camera show moving along the water ?	boat


7219	The boy attempts the climb again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again .	the boy attempts what again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again ?	climb
7219	The boy attempts the climb again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again .	what does the boy attempt again , he gets up and goes to the ladder again ?	climb


7230	She puts the pastry onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake .	she puts what onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake ?	pastry
7230	She puts the pastry onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake .	what does she put onto the cake ?	pastry


7278	He turned around and pointed the machine .	he turned around and pointed what ?	machine
7278	He turned around and pointed the machine .	what did he point ?	machine


7310	She takes a hose and wets the dog first .	she takes a hose and wets what first ?	dog
7310	She takes a hose and wets the dog first .	what does she wet first ?	dog


7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts what along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product ?	vegetables
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	what does the chef then put along with some oil into a bowl ?	vegetables


7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks what in to showcase the finished product ?	chopsticks
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	what does the chef then stick in to showcase ?	chopsticks


7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase what ?	product
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	what does the chef then stick two large chopsticks in to showcase ?	product


7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks how many large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product ?	two
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	how many large chopsticks does the chef then stick in to showcase ?	two


7369	She then takes out her contacts and holds up another container .	she then takes out her contacts and holds up what ?	container
7369	She then takes out her contacts and holds up another container .	what does she then hold up ?	container


7377	She turns it on and mixes the ingredients together .	she turns it on and mixes what together ?	ingredients
7377	She turns it on and mixes the ingredients together .	what does she mix together ?	ingredients


7399	One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he 's injured .	one of the contestants falls off what and seems like he 's injured ?	bicycle
7399	One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he 's injured .	what does one of the contestants fall off ?	bicycle


7413	The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them .	the women soak what in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them ?	clothes
7413	The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them .	what do the women soak in the soap water ?	clothes


7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	he places what on the counter and then places the knife on top of it ?	towel
7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	what does he place on the counter ?	towel


7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	he places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places what on top of it ?	knife
7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	he then places what on top of it ?	knife


7456	The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles .	the guy steps off what and smiles ?	rope
7456	The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles .	what does the guy step off ?	rope


7458	The person mixes ingredients together and lays them on slices of bread to create a sandwich .	the person mixes what together and lays them on slices of bread ?	ingredients
7458	The person mixes ingredients together and lays them on slices of bread to create a sandwich .	what does the person mix together ?	ingredients


7464	The person opens an oven and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies .	the person opens what and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies ?	oven
7464	The person opens an oven and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies .	what does the person open ?	oven


7485	The athlete sits with a coach and watches a tv screen .	the athlete sits with a coach and watches what ?	screen
7485	The athlete sits with a coach and watches a tv screen .	what does the athlete watch ?	screen


7531	A man pulls up the shovel , and sets it aside .	the man pulls up what , and sets it aside ?	shovel
7531	A man pulls up the shovel , and sets it aside .	what does the man pull up ?	shovel


7557	He strums the guitar using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords .	he strums what using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords ?	guitar
7557	He strums the guitar using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords .	what does he strum using his pick ?	guitar


7563	She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards .	she then shows what on the table and tilts it upwards ?	appliance
7563	She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards .	what does she then show on the table ?	appliance


7564	She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down .	she turns what on the appliance and sets it back down ?	dial
7564	She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down .	what does she turn on the appliance ?	dial


7565	She picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance .	she picks what back up and places it on the appliance ?	knife
7565	She picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance .	what does she pick back up ?	knife


7567	She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times .	she picks what back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times ?	knife
7567	She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times .	what does she pick back up ?	knife


7569	She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance .	she grabs what and puts it in the appliance ?	knife
7569	She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance .	what does she grab ?	knife


NEW

7569	She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance .	where does she put it . ?	appliance


7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	he then beats what well and adds some butter into the saucepan ?	eggs
7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	what does he then beat well ?	eggs


7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	he then beats the eggs well and adds what into the saucepan ?	butter
7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	what does he then add into the saucepan ?	butter


7580	He lifts the pan and moves it around to shuffle the eggs .	he lifts what and moves it around to shuffle the eggs ?	pan
7580	He lifts the pan and moves it around to shuffle the eggs .	what does he lift ?	pan


7582	He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate .	he takes a fork and slides what into a white plate ?	omelette
7582	He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate .	what does he slide into a white plate ?	omelette


7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	the man simultaneously throws what around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , ?	rope
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	what does the man simultaneously throw around the calfs neck ?	rope


7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	the man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts what , ?	horse
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	what does the man simultaneously dismount ?	horse


7622	The man then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people .	the man then sinks what and celebrates with a group of people ?	ball
7622	The man then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people .	what does the man then sink ?	ball


7630	She tapes the box , then lays it down gently on the table .	she tapes what , then lays it down gently on the table ?	box
7630	She tapes the box , then lays it down gently on the table .	what does she tap ?	box


7670	A person puts waxing strips on his leg and pulls off the hair .	the person puts what on his leg and pulls off the hair ?	strips
7670	A person puts waxing strips on his leg and pulls off the hair .	what does the person put on his leg ?	strips


7682	A man picks up the ball and throws it someone else .	the man picks up what and throws it someone else ?	ball
7682	A man picks up the ball and throws it someone else .	what does the man pick up ?	ball


7693	The person blends all the ingredients and puts them in a pan to cook .	the person blends what and puts them in a pan to cook ?	ingredients
7693	The person blends all the ingredients and puts them in a pan to cook .	what does the person blend ?	ingredients


7696	The person shows close ups of nail polish and continues painting on the nail .	the person shows close ups of nail polish and continues what on the nail ?	painting
7696	The person shows close ups of nail polish and continues painting on the nail .	what does the person continue on the nail ?	painting


7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	the man sits in a kayak and holds what in a river showing how to use it properly ?	oar
7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	what does the man hold in a river showing how to use it properly ?	oar


NEW

7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	where does the man sit . ?	kayak


7702	He high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits all the pins .	he high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits what ?	pins
7702	He high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits all the pins .	what does he hit ?	pins


7783	A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands .	the man sits on a chair on a stage and plays what in front of a music stands ?	accordion
7783	A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands .	what does the man play in front of a music stands ?	accordion


7804	A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns .	the horse runs after and bucks what ?	bull
7804	A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns .	what does the horse buck ?	bull


NEW

7809	A motorcyclist is in the bed and is woken up by an alarm clock .	where is the motorcyclist . ?	bed


7831	One of the players glides through the floor and pushes the rock to the end of the rink .	one of the players glides through the floor and pushes what to the end of the rink ?	rock
7831	One of the players glides through the floor and pushes the rock to the end of the rink .	what does one of the players push to the end of the rink ?	rock


7844	They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint .	they lay plastic on the ground and fill what with white paint ?	tub
7844	They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint .	what do they fill with white paint ?	tub


7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	one man climbs what and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall ?	wall
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	what does one man climb ?	wall


7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	one man climbs a wall and does push ups climb what ?	wall
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	what do one man climb ?	wall


7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	the man grabs what and spread it in the floor and put white tiles ?	mix
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	what does the man grab ?	mix


7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put what ?	tiles
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	the man spread it in the floor and put what ?	tiles


7981	The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter .	the girl in the purple blouse dismounts what and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter ?	horse
7981	The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter .	what does the girl in the purple blouse dismount ?	horse


8006	A person undoes the machine and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding .	the person undoes what and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding ?	machine
8006	A person undoes the machine and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding .	what does the person undo and then rides on the machine ?	machine


8009	The ladies with flags moved their flags up and down and rotate them as the band plays .	the ladies with flags moved what up and down and rotate them as the band plays ?	flags
8009	The ladies with flags moved their flags up and down and rotate them as the band plays .	what did the ladies with flags move up and down ?	flags


8040	Then they fling their sticks in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera .	then they fling what in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera ?	sticks
8040	Then they fling their sticks in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera .	what did then they fling in the air ?	sticks


8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	the man throws what down the lane and hits several pins ?	ball
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	what does the man throw down the lane ?	ball


8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	the man throws a ball down the lane and hits what ?	pins
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	what does the man hit ?	pins


8065	Then he grabs the bar and demonstrates like that also .	then he grabs what and demonstrates like that also ?	bar
8065	Then he grabs the bar and demonstrates like that also .	what does then he grab ?	bar


8070	He then is shown gripping the ball and makes a throw in slow motion .	he then is shown what and makes a throw in slow motion ?	ball
8070	He then is shown gripping the ball and makes a throw in slow motion .	what is he then shown ?	ball


8111	Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage .	finally she mixes all the components together and creates what ?	beverage
8111	Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage .	what does finally she create ?	beverage


8143	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull .	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw what ?	rope
8143	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull .	what do men throw ?	rope


NEW

8143	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull .	where are men riding a horse . ?	barn


NEW

8146	The man pump up the crowd and continue dancing as the others follow along in the mirror .	where do the man continue dancing as the others follow along . ?	mirror


8148	He brings the wheel barrel over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out .	he brings what over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out ?	barrel
8148	He brings the wheel barrel over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out .	what does he bring over ?	barrel


8168	the kid grabs a guitar and start playing it and singing .	the kid grabs what and start playing it and singing ?	guitar
8168	the kid grabs a guitar and start playing it and singing .	what does the kid grab ?	guitar


8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	the man bends down and picks up what ?	bells
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	what does the man pick up ?	bells


8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	the man bends down and picks up how many kettle bells ?	two
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	how many kettle bells does the man pick up ?	two


8182	We then see the ending screen and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen .	we then see what and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen ?	screen
8182	We then see the ending screen and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen .	what do we then see and we return to the close screen ?	screen


8195	When she is done , she grabs the needle , puts the thread in it and finishes knitting .	, she grabs what , puts the thread in it and finishes knitting ?	needle
8195	When she is done , she grabs the needle , puts the thread in it and finishes knitting .	what does , she grab ?	needle


8229	He finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces the camera .	he finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces what ?	camera
8229	He finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces the camera .	what does he finally face ?	camera


8238	Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards .	boys get out what and walk in the street holding surfboards ?	train
8238	Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards .	what do boys get out ?	train


NEW

8238	Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards .	where do boys walk . ?	surfboards


8240	A boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf .	the boy put what on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf ?	surfboard
8240	A boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf .	what did the boy put on the rives , also other boys surf ?	surfboard


8310	A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face .	the man adjust what and captures a close up of his hand and face ?	camera
8310	A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face .	what do the man adjust ?	camera


8361	The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck .	the man bends the woman forward looking at her chest how many times and almost puts his hand on her neck ?	two
8361	The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck .	how many times did the man bend the woman forward looking at her chest ?	two


8380	The man then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key .	the man then picks up what and sticks them back into the bike ?	handlebars
8380	The man then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key .	what does the man then pick up ?	handlebars


8406	The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day .	the man walks out from his house and opens what on a snowy day ?	door
8406	The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day .	what does the man open on a snowy day ?	door


NEW

8410	The man gets in his car and backs it towards the house into a parking spot .	where does the man get . ?	car


8446	She plays the instrument while dancing at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera .	she plays what at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera ?	dancing
8446	She plays the instrument while dancing at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera .	what does she play at the same time ?	dancing


8475	A cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase a cattle .	the cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase what ?	cattle
8475	A cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase a cattle .	what do the cowboy in a horse chase ?	cattle


NEW

8484	She takes the scrub that is soaked in liquid soap and scrubs it on the bowl to thoroughly clean it .	does she take the scrub is soaked where . ?	soap


8485	She places the plates and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them .	she places what and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them ?	plates
8485	She places the plates and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them .	what does she place ?	plates


8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	they recharge what and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks ?	guns
8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	what do they recharge ?	guns


NEW

8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	where are they playing practicing shots and wearing masks . ?	paintball


8509	the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera .	the camera changes what and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera ?	angle
8509	the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera .	what does the camera change ?	angle


NEW

8513	The woman sits in the chair and begins putting a pair of shoes on .	where does the woman sit . ?	chair


8519	He is feeding himself breakfast and then wipes his face .	he is feeding himself what and then wipes his face ?	breakfast
8519	He is feeding himself breakfast and then wipes his face .	what is he feeding himself ?	breakfast


8526	A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face .	the woman sits on her bed and applies what to her face ?	makeup
8526	A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face .	what does the woman apply to her face ?	makeup


8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	she puts what on and walks out the door ?	backpack
8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	what does she put on ?	backpack


8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	she puts a backpack on and walks out what ?	door
8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	what does she walk out ?	door


NEW

8542	He continuously dips the object in cleaner and cleans all around the glass while using a rag close behind .	where did he continuously dip the object . ?	cleaner


8619	She closes the makeup case and opens it back up .	she closes what and opens it back up ?	case
8619	She closes the makeup case and opens it back up .	what does she close ?	case


8628	After , the men carry the table and enters a train where they continue playing .	after , the men carry the table and enters what ?	train
8628	After , the men carry the table and enters a train where they continue playing .	what does after , the men enter ?	train


8647	Older women the bring hr back and have her hand the stick to another child .	older women the bring hr back and have her hand what to another child ?	stick
8647	Older women the bring hr back and have her hand the stick to another child .	what do older women the bring have her hand to another child ?	stick


8696	The man does he last dance move , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes a bow .	the man does , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes what ?	bow
8696	The man does he last dance move , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes a bow .	the man then takes what ?	bow


8706	He turns the water on and sprays the hose around the sink .	he turns the water on and sprays what around the sink ?	hose
8706	He turns the water on and sprays the hose around the sink .	what did he spray around the sink ?	hose


8721	A crew of people clean a car by hand .	the crew of people clean what by hand ?	car
8721	A crew of people clean a car by hand .	what do the crew of people clean by hand ?	car


8779	The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times .	the man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips how many times ?	two
8779	The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times .	how many times does the man flip ?	two


8783	The dances finish and take their bows and shake hands .	the dances finish and take what and shake hands ?	bows
8783	The dances finish and take their bows and shake hands .	what do the dances finish and take ?	bows


8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	the woman is with the black dog and is styling what hair ?	dog
8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	what is the woman styling hair ?	dog


8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	woman comb what hair and plays with it ?	dog
8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	what did woman comb hair ?	dog


8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	woman holds what and cut her nails ?	paw
8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	what does woman hold ?	paw


8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person continues and then undoes what and shows off the solid cake ?	cake
8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person then undoes what and shows off the solid cake ?	cake


8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person continues and then undoes the cake and shows off what ?	cake
8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person then undoes the cake and shows off what ?	cake


8807	She takes tape out and then rolls out more dough and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result .	she takes tape out and then rolls out what and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result ?	dough
8807	She takes tape out and then rolls out more dough and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result .	she then rolls out what and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result ?	dough


8810	He pours the drink into a glass , and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend .	he pours what into a glass , and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend ?	drink
8810	He pours the drink into a glass , and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend .	what does he pour into a glass ?	drink


8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	men ride what out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs ?	horses
8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	what do men ride out of a gates ?	horses


8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	men ride horses out of a gates and ropes what before dismounting and tying their its legs ?	bull
8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	what do men ropes before dismounting and tying their ?	bull


8823	The winner waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders .	the winner waves what and is congratulated by the other riders ?	hat
8823	The winner waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders .	what does the winner wave ?	hat


8827	He puts shaving cream on his face and uses a razor to finish shaving .	he puts and uses what ?	razor
8827	He puts shaving cream on his face and uses a razor to finish shaving .	what does he use ?	razor


8851	A person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up the wand .	the person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up what ?	wand
8851	A person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up the wand .	what does the person pick up ?	wand


8893	He spins around and throws the disk .	he spins around and throws what ?	disk
8893	He spins around and throws the disk .	what does he throw ?	disk


8905	She slows her dance down and turns circles .	she slows her dance down and turns what ?	circles
8905	She slows her dance down and turns circles .	what does she turn ?	circles


8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	the man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while how many other people in red shirts watch behind him ?	three
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	how many other people does the man in a red shirt demonstrate how to throw darts against a dart board while in red shirts watch behind him ?	three


8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	the man in a red shirt faces what and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch ?	camera
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	what does the man in a red shirt face ?	camera


8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	the man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while how many men behind him watch ?	three
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	how many men does the man in a red shirt begin to talk while holding darts in his hand and while behind him watch ?	three


8922	The man ties a rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court .	the man ties what around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court ?	rope
8922	The man ties a rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court .	what does the man tie around a ball ?	rope


8925	The girl finishes the performance and lowers her instrument .	the girl finishes the performance and lowers what ?	instrument
8925	The girl finishes the performance and lowers her instrument .	what does the girl lower ?	instrument


8933	He uses a battery to hit back , and then uses a different tool .	he uses a battery , and then uses what ?	tool
8933	He uses a battery to hit back , and then uses a different tool .	he then uses what ?	tool


8973	The army grab their paint guns on the table and loaded them with paint balls .	the army grab what on the table and loaded them with paint balls ?	guns
8973	The army grab their paint guns on the table and loaded them with paint balls .	what do the army grab on the table ?	guns


8987	A man picks up a bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins .	the man picks up bowling what and throws it down the lane at some pins ?	ball
8987	A man picks up a bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins .	what does the man pick up bowling ?	ball


NEW

9026	The woman then lays out various ingredients on the bread and rolls it up in a wrap .	where does the woman then roll it up . ?	wrap


9038	The man then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera .	the man then cuts what and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera ?	fruit
9038	The man then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera .	what does the man then cut ?	fruit


9045	A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way .	the man opens what and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way ?	door
9045	A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way .	what does the man open ?	door


9095	TandumISGReat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds the hanging money bank .	tandumisgreat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds what ?	bank
9095	TandumISGReat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds the hanging money bank .	what does tandumisgreat hold ?	bank


9110	A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside .	the hand knocks over what and wastes the liquid inside ?	cup
9110	A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside .	what does the hand knock over ?	cup


9126	A person picks up the cat and lays it on their lap .	the person picks up what and lays it on their lap ?	cat
9126	A person picks up the cat and lays it on their lap .	what does the person pick up ?	cat


9143	Another man opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin .	another man opens what and calls to the bull to enter the pin ?	gate
9143	Another man opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin .	what does another man open ?	gate


9162	He uses a ruler to show more detailed and then moves the mower to the sidewalk to talk some more .	he uses a ruler and then moves what to the sidewalk ?	mower
9162	He uses a ruler to show more detailed and then moves the mower to the sidewalk to talk some more .	he then moves what to the sidewalk ?	mower


9167	A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .	the person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs what ?	pumpkin
9167	A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .	what does the person with a white mask and a sheet over his head grab ?	pumpkin


9184	The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds .	the woman then puts what to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds ?	clarinet
9184	The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds .	what does the woman then put to her mouth ?	clarinet


9228	She picks up a toy curler and sets it down on the desk in front of her .	she picks up what and sets it down on the desk in front of her ?	curler
9228	She picks up a toy curler and sets it down on the desk in front of her .	what does she pick up ?	curler


9280	She removes the cooked pasta off of the gas and pours it into a plate .	she removes what off of the gas and pours it into a plate ?	pasta
9280	She removes the cooked pasta off of the gas and pours it into a plate .	what does she remove off of the gas ?	pasta


9282	She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe .	she chops what with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese then she shows an alfredo sauce recipe ?	basil
9282	She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe .	what did she chop with a pair of scissors then she shows an alfredo sauce recipe ?	basil


9285	They mix around the ingredients , put the mug in the microwave , and take it out in the end showing off the cake .	they mix around what , put the mug in the microwave , and take it out in the end showing off the cake ?	ingredients
9285	They mix around the ingredients , put the mug in the microwave , and take it out in the end showing off the cake .	what do they mix around ?	ingredients


9310	We see a tree trunk and leaves falling .	we see what and leaves falling ?	trunk
9310	We see a tree trunk and leaves falling .	what do we see ?	trunk


9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	the young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing what to him ?	frisbee
9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	the young woman then play with her dog and throwing what to him ?	frisbee


9378	One swings a bat and runs onto the field , chasing a ball .	one swings what and runs onto the field , chasing a ball ?	bat
9378	One swings a bat and runs onto the field , chasing a ball .	what does one swing ?	bat


9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	the young boy aims what at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them ?	ball
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	what does the young boy aim at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym ?	ball


9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	the young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws what hitting one of them ?	ball
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	what does the young boy throw hitting one of them ?	ball


9399	A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them .	the little boy runs to the line holding how many balls and throws one of them ?	two
9399	A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them .	how many balls does the little boy run to the line holding ?	two


9408	Another boy and girl run and throw a ball at the same time .	another boy and girl run and throw what at the same time ?	ball
9408	Another boy and girl run and throw a ball at the same time .	what do another boy and girl run and throw at the same time ?	ball


9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	the man opens what and removes the bike , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	box
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	what does the man open , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	box


9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	the man opens the box and removes what , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	bicycle
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	what does the man remove , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	bicycle


9428	The woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs the scuff mark out .	the woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs what out ?	mark
9428	The woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs the scuff mark out .	what do the woman sprays hairspray on a scuff rubs out ?	mark


9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	the man pours what into a glass and shakes it up ?	liquors
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	what does the man pour into a glass ?	liquors


9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	the man pours how many liquors into a glass and shakes it up ?	three
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	how many liquors does the man pour into a glass ?	three


9445	The man squeezes a lemon , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass .	the man squeezes what , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass ?	lemon
9445	The man squeezes a lemon , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass .	what does the man squeeze ?	lemon


9448	The man then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis .	the man then wets what and uses it along a set of skis ?	sander
9448	The man then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis .	what does the man then wet ?	sander


9450	News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom .	news anchors introduce what sitting at a desk in a newsroom ?	clip
9450	News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom .	what do news anchors introduce sitting at a desk in a newsroom ?	clip


9467	The man put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water .	the man put what on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water ?	soap
9467	The man put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water .	what did the man put on a dish ?	soap


9494	A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee .	a a man in red steps onto a log and receives what by a referee ?	ax
9494	A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee .	what does a receive by a referee ?	ax


9520	He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father .	he picks up what and throws it across to his father ?	ball
9520	He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father .	what does he pick up ?	ball


9556	Finally she places the top back in place , and puts a candle inside .	finally she places the top back in place , and puts what inside ?	candle
9556	Finally she places the top back in place , and puts a candle inside .	what does finally she put inside ?	candle


9568	He finishes the cube and takes off the headpiece in the end .	he finishes what and takes off the headpiece in the end ?	cube
9568	He finishes the cube and takes off the headpiece in the end .	what does he finish ?	cube


9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	two young guys stand together and hold up what ?	money
9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	what do two young guys hold up ?	money


9595	the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps .	the guy knock what down six time out of all his jumps ?	pole
9595	the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps .	what do the guy knock down six time out of all his jumps ?	pole


9643	The man stands up his bike and gets ready to depart .	the man stands up what and gets ready to depart ?	bicycle
9643	The man stands up his bike and gets ready to depart .	what does the man stand up ?	bicycle


9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	three ladies throw what and slides down the track ?	stone
9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	what do three ladies throw ?	stone


9708	The men throw the ball back and fourth and switch places with another , ending with the same man cheering and hugging another .	the men throw what back and fourth and switch places with another , ending with the same man cheering and hugging another ?	ball
9708	The men throw the ball back and fourth and switch places with another , ending with the same man cheering and hugging another .	what do the men throw back ?	ball


9714	Men kneels down and hits the croquet ball like a billiard shot .	men kneels down and hits what like a billiard shot ?	ball
9714	Men kneels down and hits the croquet ball like a billiard shot .	what does men hit like a billiard shot ?	ball


9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	the man skip what in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope ?	rope
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	what do the man skip in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope ?	rope


9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	the man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip what ?	rope
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	what do the man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip ?	rope


9736	After , the man holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope .	after , the man holds what on his left hand and skip while turning the rope ?	rope
9736	After , the man holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope .	what does after , the man hold on his left hand ?	rope


9855	The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull .	the man rides around what and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull ?	bull
9855	The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull .	what did the man rid around ?	bull


9873	The left man uses a sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker .	the left man uses what and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker ?	sickle
9873	The left man uses a sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker .	what does the left man use ?	sickle


9881	The man then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera .	the man then uses what in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera ?	tool
9881	The man then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera .	what does the man then use in a bowl of salad ?	tool


NEW

9892	The man surfaces and stands up in the pool .	where does the man stand up . ?	pool


9910	Both men acknowledge the building and discuss .	both men acknowledge what and discuss ?	building
9910	Both men acknowledge the building and discuss .	what do both men acknowledge ?	building


9922	The person finishes the song and holds up the harmonica .	the person finishes the song and holds up what ?	harmonica
9922	The person finishes the song and holds up the harmonica .	what does the person hold up ?	harmonica


9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	the man in blue shirt play what , then poke the threads ?	guitar
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	what do the man in blue shirt play ?	guitar


9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	the man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke what ?	threads
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	what do the man in blue shirt poke ?	threads


9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	she then kicks what again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field ?	ball
9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	she then kicks what again while others around her run ?	ball


9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	she then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab what from the field ?	ball
9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	what do she grab from the field ?	ball


9988	They walk into a garage and inspect the cars .	they walk into a garage and inspect what ?	cars
9988	They walk into a garage and inspect the cars .	what do they inspect ?	cars


9993	The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it .	the man with guitar pull out what and wave it ?	cloth
9993	The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it .	what do the man with guitar pull out ?	cloth


9995	In her hand she has a croquet stick and is fiddling with the small ball .	in her hand she has what and is fiddling with the small ball ?	stick
9995	In her hand she has a croquet stick and is fiddling with the small ball .	what does in her hand she have ?	stick


10060	One of the men picks up a gasoline can and ours some of it into the campfire pit .	one of the men picks up what and ours some of it into the campfire pit ?	can
10060	One of the men picks up a gasoline can and ours some of it into the campfire pit .	what does one of the men pick up ?	can


10068	A man fills a bowl with water , then adds a cleaning solution .	the man fills what with water , then adds a cleaning solution ?	bowl
10068	A man fills a bowl with water , then adds a cleaning solution .	what does the man fill with water ?	bowl


10080	A toddler climbs a jungle gym , and then go down the slide .	the toddler climbs what , and then go down the slide ?	gym
10080	A toddler climbs a jungle gym , and then go down the slide .	what does the toddler climb ?	gym


10097	Spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add other seasoning to your taste .	spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add what to your taste ?	seasoning
10097	Spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add other seasoning to your taste .	what do spread mayo on both slices of bread then add to your taste ?	seasoning


10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	three news anchors discuss what ?	monkeys
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	what do three news anchors discuss ?	monkeys


10140	The sitting man gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached .	the sitting man gets up and puts what on the man who approached ?	lotion
10140	The sitting man gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached .	what does the sitting man put on the man who approached ?	lotion


10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	one man gets up and applies what to the womans back ?	lotion
10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	what does one man apply to the womans back ?	lotion


10170	After , the man perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole .	after , the man perform high jump but drops what ?	pole
10170	After , the man perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole .	what does after , the man drop ?	pole


10195	She holds another picture beside her and pushes the brush into paint .	she holds what beside her and pushes the brush into paint ?	picture
10195	She holds another picture beside her and pushes the brush into paint .	what does she hold beside her ?	picture


10203	The men flip off the ladder on to the mat .	the men flip off what on to the mat ?	ladder
10203	The men flip off the ladder on to the mat .	what do the men flip off on to the mat ?	ladder


10220	The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field .	the man spins what around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field ?	hammer
10220	The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field .	what does the man spin around many times ?	hammer


10236	A man picks up the ax , and chops the trunk of the tree .	the man picks up what , and chops the trunk of the tree ?	ax
10236	A man picks up the ax , and chops the trunk of the tree .	what does the man pick up ?	ax


10239	Just as the girls are reaching the bottom of the slide boy gets up and leaves the slide and the girls follow right behind him .	gets up and leaves what and the girls follow right behind him ?	slide
10239	Just as the girls are reaching the bottom of the slide boy gets up and leaves the slide and the girls follow right behind him .	what does leave and the girls follow right behind him ?	slide


10289	The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people .	the woman then drops what and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people ?	cape
10289	The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people .	what does the woman then drop ?	cape


10310	A person 's hand then covers the camera and moves all around the area .	the person 's hand then covers what and moves all around the area ?	camera
10310	A person 's hand then covers the camera and moves all around the area .	the person 's hand then covers what ?	camera


10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	the man adds what over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace ?	sheath
10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	what does the man add over the wire ?	sheath


NEW

10328	They unplug the vacuum and put it in the closet .	where do they put it . ?	closet


10335	A boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy .	the boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes what around to another boy ?	ball
10335	A boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy .	what does the boy push around to another boy ?	ball


10337	They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym .	they slide around what pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym ?	floor
10337	They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym .	what do they slide around pushing the ball ?	floor


10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	the group of men in black shirts moved what from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , ?	couch
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	what did the group of men in black shirts move from the wall to other side ?	couch


10386	When the new carpet is properly installed , the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room .	, the men vacuum what ?	carpet
10386	When the new carpet is properly installed , the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room .	what do , the men vacuum ?	carpet


10399	The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water .	the boy jumps from a diving board and does how many flips in the air before gets into the water ?	four
10399	The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water .	how many flips does the boy do in the air before gets into the water ?	four


10408	They hold five men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups .	they hold how many men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups ?	five
10408	They hold five men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups .	how many men do they hold in the air ?	five


10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	one man is lifted and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make what like shape ?	star
10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	what does one man swing two men on his arms to the other side then five men make like shape ?	star


NEW

10438	A brunette woman is sitting in a room and has her left arm raised and is looking at her armpit .	where is the brunette woman sitting . ?	room


10452	The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse .	the woman talks to the camera and mounts what ?	horse
10452	The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse .	what does the woman mount ?	horse


10465	He grabs a bowling ball and begins bowling .	he grabs what and begins bowling ?	ball
10465	He grabs a bowling ball and begins bowling .	what does he grab ?	ball


10471	A man in green does a flip in the air and shoots the ball into the hoop .	the man in green does a flip in the air and shoots what into the hoop ?	ball
10471	A man in green does a flip in the air and shoots the ball into the hoop .	what does the man in green shoot into the hoop ?	ball


10473	She hold up a bottle and sprays it around the dog , rubbing it into it 's fur while speaking to the camera .	she hold up what and sprays it around the dog , rubbing it into it 's fur while speaking to the camera ?	bottle
10473	She hold up a bottle and sprays it around the dog , rubbing it into it 's fur while speaking to the camera .	what do she hold up ?	bottle


10477	The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk .	the man then grabs what and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk ?	brush
10477	The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk .	what does the man then grab ?	brush


10478	The man stops painting , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door .	the man stops what , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door ?	painting
10478	The man stops painting , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door .	what does the man stop ?	painting


10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	then , the woman make what and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	balls
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	what do then , the woman make , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	balls


10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	then , the woman make dough balls and putsion what , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	pan
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	what do then , the woman putsion , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	pan


10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	the man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves what aside ?	bucket
10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	what does the man move aside ?	bucket


10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	the man hands what to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink ?	mop
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	what does the man hand to the lady ?	mop


10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	the man hands the mop to the lady and empties what in the sink ?	bucket
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	what does the man empty in the sink ?	bucket


NEW

10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	where does the man empty the red bucket . ?	sink


10524	The man hands the bucket and mop to the male .	the man hands what and mop to the male ?	bucket
10524	The man hands the bucket and mop to the male .	what does the man hand ?	bucket


10646	A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh .	the teen holds what and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh ?	violin
10646	A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh .	what does the teen hold ?	violin


10651	He goes into a closet and picks out the cleaner he uses while he talks about it .	he goes into a closet and picks out what ?	cleaner
10651	He goes into a closet and picks out the cleaner he uses while he talks about it .	what does he pick out ?	cleaner


10661	The man continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl .	the man continues and mixes what into a bowl ?	ingredients
10661	The man continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl .	what does the man mix into a bowl ?	ingredients


10684	A woman walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven .	the woman walks into the kitchen and turns what on the oven ?	knobs
10684	A woman walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven .	what does the woman turn on the oven ?	knobs


10692	He rolls a big box into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside .	he rolls what into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside ?	box
10692	He rolls a big box into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside .	what does he roll into the room ?	box


10695	He removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles the bike .	he removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles what ?	bicycle
10695	He removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles the bike .	what does he assemble ?	bicycle


10697	He removes two pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle .	he removes how many pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle ?	two
10697	He removes two pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle .	how many pedals does he remove from bags ?	two


10701	A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving .	the man in a black shirt leave what and turns before leaving ?	room
10701	A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving .	what do the man in a black shirt leave ?	room


10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	the man holds what and starts the timer as he starts to solve the rubik 's cube ?	cube
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	what does the man hold ?	cube


10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	the man holds a rubik 's cube and starts what ?	timer
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	what does the man start ?	timer


10705	As the man completes the Rubik 's Cube he drops the puzzle and stops the timer at 26 seconds .	he drops the puzzle and stops what at 26 seconds ?	timer
10705	As the man completes the Rubik 's Cube he drops the puzzle and stops the timer at 26 seconds .	what does he stop at 26 seconds ?	timer


10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	the man hold what and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side ?	sharpener
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	what do the man hold ?	sharpener


10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	the man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen what from side to side ?	knife
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	what do the man sharpen from side to side ?	knife


10711	Then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking .	then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows what while talking ?	keys
10711	Then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking .	what does then , the man show while talking ?	keys


10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	he grabs what and tosses them around while the dog jumps ?	frisbees
10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	what does he grab ?	frisbees


10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	he grabs how many other frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps ?	two
10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	how many other frisbees does he grab ?	two


10743	He replaces the bucket and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers .	he replaces what and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers ?	bucket
10743	He replaces the bucket and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers .	what does he replace ?	bucket


10744	He rearranges the buckets once again and continues drumming .	he rearranges what once again and continues drumming ?	buckets
10744	He rearranges the buckets once again and continues drumming .	what does he rearrange once again ?	buckets


10785	They seal the vent with glue .	they seal what with glue ?	vent
10785	They seal the vent with glue .	what do they seal with glue ?	vent


10788	They pour it into a pitcher of water and make a drink .	they pour it into a pitcher of water and make what ?	drink
10788	They pour it into a pitcher of water and make a drink .	what do they make ?	drink


10808	Then he grabs the tire off and moves it over and he puts on another tire .	then he grabs what off and moves it over and he puts on another tire ?	tire
10808	Then he grabs the tire off and moves it over and he puts on another tire .	what does then he grab off and he puts on another tire ?	tire


10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	the man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing what and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground ?	shirt
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	what does the man in a grey shirt push off of a man wearing ?	shirt


10843	After , persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover the boat .	after , persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover what ?	boat
10843	After , persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover the boat .	what do after , persons in a boat recover ?	boat


10883	She then takes two sections and intertwines them , and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid .	she then takes how many sections and intertwines them , and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid ?	two
10883	She then takes two sections and intertwines them , and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid .	how many sections does she then take ?	two


10895	She makes her way back to the start and climbs down the ladder finally looking at the camera .	she makes her way back to the start and climbs down what finally looking at the camera ?	ladder
10895	She makes her way back to the start and climbs down the ladder finally looking at the camera .	what does she climb down finally looking at the camera ?	ladder


10908	He puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up several more ingredients .	he puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up what ?	ingredients
10908	He puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up several more ingredients .	what does he cut up ?	ingredients


10909	He places the final ingredients into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made .	he places what into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made ?	ingredients
10909	He places the final ingredients into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made .	what does he place into the bowl while talking to the camera he made ?	ingredients


10969	A person uses a flat equipment to move the dumbbell shaped steels and then removes them with his hand .	the person uses what and then removes them with his hand ?	equipment
10969	A person uses a flat equipment to move the dumbbell shaped steels and then removes them with his hand .	what does the person use ?	equipment


11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	after , the man puts what on the side of the fence and covers a rail ?	tape
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	what does after , the man put on the side of the fence ?	tape


11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	after , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers what ?	rail
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	what does after , the man cover ?	rail


11086	The barefoot man serve the ball but missed it .	the barefoot man serve what but missed it ?	ball
11086	The barefoot man serve the ball but missed it .	what do the barefoot man serve ?	ball


11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	the man served what and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	ball
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	what did the man serve but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	ball


11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	the man served the ball and hit what but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	wall
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	what did the man hit but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	wall


11133	She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush .	she lists out what and steps to brush ?	tools
11133	She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush .	what does she list out ?	tools


11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	the man opens what and puts toothpaste on it ?	bottle
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	what does the man open ?	bottle


11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	the man opens a bottle and puts what on it ?	toothpaste
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	what does the man put on it ?	toothpaste


11137	A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it .	the man talks in a blue room then sprays what and pretends to wash it ?	car
11137	A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it .	the man talks in a blue room then sprays what ?	car


11144	The man uses profanity and flips the camera off .	the man uses profanity and flips what off ?	camera
11144	The man uses profanity and flips the camera off .	what does the man flip off ?	camera


11159	The woman goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again .	the woman goes up how many stroke of the razor and begins again ?	one
11159	The woman goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again .	how many stroke does the woman go up of the razor ?	one


11216	The man pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat .	the man pushes what down on the paper and folds it around the cat ?	cat
11216	The man pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat .	what does the man push down on the paper ?	cat


11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	the guy lassoes what and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs ?	cattle
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	what does the guy lasso ?	cattle


11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	the guy lassoes the cattle and gets off what ?	horse
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	what does the guy get off ?	horse


11245	Two men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs .	two men remove what around the cattle 's neck and legs ?	rope
11245	Two men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs .	what do two men remove around the cattle 's neck and legs ?	rope


11280	He stops to play with the mop a bit and pushes a box back under a stand .	he stops and pushes what back under a stand ?	box
11280	He stops to play with the mop a bit and pushes a box back under a stand .	what does he push back under a stand ?	box


11307	The man then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera .	the man then bends down and grabs what while still speaking to the camera ?	bar
11307	The man then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera .	what does the man then grab while still speaking to the camera ?	bar


11332	He stands up from the pad and picks up the pole .	he stands up from the pad and picks up what ?	pole
11332	He stands up from the pad and picks up the pole .	what does he pick up ?	pole


11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	she picks up what and sharpens the knife ?	sharpener
11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	what does she pick up ?	sharpener


11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	she picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens what ?	knife
11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	what does she sharpen ?	knife


11391	We switch and see other teams in the room playing and see two ladies talking .	we switch and see other teams in the room playing and see how many ladies talking ?	two
11391	We switch and see other teams in the room playing and see two ladies talking .	how many ladies do we see talking ?	two


11431	The boy swings and hits the pinata once .	the boy swings and hits what once ?	pinata
11431	The boy swings and hits the pinata once .	what does the boy hit once ?	pinata


11484	He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls .	he grabs what and then kisses the girls ?	beer
11484	He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls .	what does he grab ?	beer


11492	A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball .	the boy runs into the shot and kicks what ?	ball
11492	A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball .	what does the boy kick ?	ball


11496	A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking .	the girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks what back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking ?	ball
11496	A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking .	what does the girl kick back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking ?	ball


11593	Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys .	several boys make what and speaks to the boys ?	baskets
11593	Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys .	what do several boys make ?	baskets


11599	The woman puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk .	the woman puts what up to her chin and continues to talk ?	violin
11599	The woman puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk .	what does the woman put up to her chin ?	violin


11614	He then sticks his paddle in the water and begins moving along .	he then sticks what in the water and begins moving along ?	paddle
11614	He then sticks his paddle in the water and begins moving along .	what does he then stick in the water ?	paddle


11636	The girl picks up a toothbrush and continues to talk .	the girl picks up what and continues to talk ?	toothbrush
11636	The girl picks up a toothbrush and continues to talk .	what does the girl pick up ?	toothbrush


NEW

11660	The person turns off the water and presents the shoe in the sink .	where does the person present the shoe . ?	sink


11666	A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash .	the man pick up a ball from the floor and continues what ?	squash
11666	A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash .	what does the man continue ?	squash


11670	Shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them .	shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows what and comes behind them ?	suit
11670	Shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them .	what does shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follow ?	suit


11673	The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water .	the person pour what into the white spray bottle and added water ?	lemon
11673	The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water .	what do the person pour into the white spray bottle ?	lemon


11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	the person spray what in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge ?	juice
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	what did the person spray in a bow ?	juice


11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	the person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub what with sponge ?	bowl
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	what do the person rub with sponge ?	bowl


NEW

11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	where did the person spray the lemon juice . ?	bow


NEW

11675	An sportsman launch a javelin in a stadium .	where do an sportsman launch a javelin . ?	stadium


11690	She rolls the lemons on a table and cut them into halves .	she rolls what on a table and cut them into halves ?	lemons
11690	She rolls the lemons on a table and cut them into halves .	what does she roll on a table ?	lemons


11691	Then she juices the lemon and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar .	then she juices what and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar ?	lemon
11691	Then she juices the lemon and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar .	what does then she juices ?	lemon


11692	She boils the pot and pours the final result into several glasses , enjoying a sip in the end .	she boils what and pours the final result into several glasses , enjoying a sip in the end ?	pot
11692	She boils the pot and pours the final result into several glasses , enjoying a sip in the end .	what does she boil ?	pot


11705	After , the man passes over an iceberg and spins , then snowboard over a big iceberg .	, then snowboard over what ?	iceberg
11705	After , the man passes over an iceberg and spins , then snowboard over a big iceberg .	what do , then snowboard over ?	iceberg


11721	We see a title screen and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out .	we see what and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out ?	screen
11721	We see a title screen and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out .	what do we see ?	screen


11731	The man greases a 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper .	the man greases what pan and covers it with parchment paper ?	cake
11731	The man greases a 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper .	what does the man grease pan ?	cake


11766	The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place .	the woman puts what on the car and bolts it in place ?	tire
11766	The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place .	what does the woman put on the car ?	tire


11770	A man kneel on a ball and holds a rod .	the man kneel on a ball and holds what ?	rod
11770	A man kneel on a ball and holds a rod .	what does the man hold ?	rod


11788	The two men pick up a cup and drink it .	the two men pick up what and drink it ?	cup
11788	The two men pick up a cup and drink it .	what do the two men pick up ?	cup


11793	The man pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again .	the man pushes what up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again ?	helmet
11793	The man pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again .	what does the man push up ?	helmet


11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	he places what down and shows the weld he finished ?	gloves
11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	what does he place down ?	gloves


11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	he places his gloves down and shows what ?	weld
11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	what does he show ?	weld


11796	He sprays the sun screen on his arm and rubs it in .	he sprays what on his arm and rubs it in ?	screen
11796	He sprays the sun screen on his arm and rubs it in .	what did he spray on his arm ?	screen


11816	The man then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest .	the man then stands up and holds what to his chest ?	barbell
11816	The man then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest .	what does the man then hold to his chest ?	barbell


11854	The player kicked the ball and hit the goal .	the player kicked what and hit the goal ?	ball
11854	The player kicked the ball and hit the goal .	what did the player kick ?	ball


11869	He cleans the tool and puts it away .	he cleans what and puts it away ?	tool
11869	He cleans the tool and puts it away .	what does he clean ?	tool


11872	She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow .	she grabs what and begins to tie into a bow ?	ribbon
11872	She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow .	what does she grab ?	ribbon


11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	the lady uses what and drags it through the white paint ?	toothpick
11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	what does the lady use ?	toothpick


11907	He pushes a tube into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device .	he pushes what into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device ?	tube
11907	He pushes a tube into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device .	what does he push into the tire ?	tube


11908	He tests the wheel out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go .	he tests what out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go ?	wheel
11908	He tests the wheel out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go .	what does he test out thoroughly ?	wheel


11910	She picks up a flute and starts playing .	she picks up what and starts playing ?	flute
11910	She picks up a flute and starts playing .	what does she pick up ?	flute


11911	She puts the flue down on her lap and continues talking .	she puts what down on her lap and continues talking ?	flue
11911	She puts the flue down on her lap and continues talking .	what does she put down on her lap ?	flue


11912	She puts the flute back up to her mouth and continues to play .	she puts what back up to her mouth and continues to play ?	flute
11912	She puts the flute back up to her mouth and continues to play .	what does she put back up to her mouth ?	flute


11913	She puts the flute back down and nods her head .	she puts what back down and nods her head ?	flute
11913	She puts the flute back down and nods her head .	what does she put back down ?	flute


11914	She puts the flute back up to her lips and plays .	she puts what back up to her lips and plays ?	flute
11914	She puts the flute back up to her lips and plays .	what does she put back up to her lips ?	flute


11973	She squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out a contact lens .	she squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out contact what ?	lens
11973	She squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out a contact lens .	what does she poke out contact ?	lens


11974	She moves on to her left eye and pokes out a contact lens .	she moves on to her left eye and pokes out contact what ?	lens
11974	She moves on to her left eye and pokes out a contact lens .	what does she poke out contact ?	lens


12014	She then take a pan in the sink , put water , put liquid soap in a sponge , rub it on the plates , lid , container , spoons .	she then take a pan in the sink , put water , put what in a sponge , rub it on the plates , lid , container , spoons ?	soap
12014	She then take a pan in the sink , put water , put liquid soap in a sponge , rub it on the plates , lid , container , spoons .	what do she then put in a sponge , lid , container , spoons ?	soap


12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	she wiped what with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket ?	counter
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	what did she wipe with her hand ?	counter


12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	she wiped the counter with her hand , then placed what , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket ?	basket
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	she then placed what ?	basket


NEW

12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	where did she put them . ?	basket


12025	A customer walks in and gives a child 's picture to the tattoo artist .	the customer walks in and gives what to the tattoo artist ?	picture
12025	A customer walks in and gives a child 's picture to the tattoo artist .	what does the customer give to the tattoo artist ?	picture


12066	He moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole .	he moves what and pulls a fishing line out of a hole ?	stick
12066	He moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole .	what does he move ?	stick


12068	He picks the fish up and shows us the fish .	he picks what up and shows us the fish ?	fish
12068	He picks the fish up and shows us the fish .	what does he pick up ?	fish


NEW

12171	She takes the lettuce and puts it in a wooden bowl .	where does she put it . ?	bowl


12179	They drop the ball and pick it up and then continue playing again .	they drop what and pick it up and then continue playing again ?	ball
12179	They drop the ball and pick it up and then continue playing again .	what do they drop ?	ball


12199	He screws in some pieces and put the hand bars on using a a pocket knife .	he screws in some pieces and put what on using a a pocket knife ?	bars
12199	He screws in some pieces and put the hand bars on using a a pocket knife .	what did he put on using a a pocket knife ?	bars


12200	He inflates the tires with air and finishes putting the rest together , and then he rides off .	he inflates what with air and finishes putting the rest together , and then he rides off ?	tires
12200	He inflates the tires with air and finishes putting the rest together , and then he rides off .	what does he inflate with air , and then he rides off ?	tires


NEW

12209	Two men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub .	where do two men get him . ?	tub


12219	He opens a jar and pulls out something .	he opens what and pulls out something ?	jar
12219	He opens a jar and pulls out something .	what does he open ?	jar


12248	The teens follow the instructions of the man and row the oars .	the teens follow the instructions of the man and row what ?	oars
12248	The teens follow the instructions of the man and row the oars .	what do the teens row ?	oars


12261	The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves .	the girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does what and continues to do a routine of various karate moves ?	bow
12261	The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves .	the girl then brings her feet together and does what ?	bow


12271	The lady leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left .	the lady leans over the dog and washes what on the left ?	paw
12271	The lady leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left .	what does the lady wash on the left ?	paw


12285	A cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope .	the cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging what ?	rope
12285	A cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope .	what is the cowboy swinging ?	rope


12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	the child ski on the snow holding what and wearing skies ?	poles
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	what is the child ski on the snow holding ?	poles


12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	the child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing what ?	skies
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	what is the child ski on the snow wearing ?	skies


12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	the child ski on the snow holding how many poles and wearing skies ?	two
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	how many poles is the child ski on the snow holding ?	two


NEW

12314	The baker turn over the cake in the plate and put icing and fruits on top .	where do the baker turn over the cake . ?	plate


12318	The man then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring .	the man then ties up what and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring ?	calf
12318	The man then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring .	what does the man then tie up ?	calf


12329	A boy grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat .	the boy grabs what and goes in the water after the boat ?	rope
12329	A boy grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat .	what does the boy grab ?	rope


NEW

12341	little girl is in library and grab something and then starts dancing in the room .	where does little girl start dancing . ?	room


12349	She continues talking to the camera and eventually shows footage of her getting her nose pierced .	she continues and eventually shows what of her getting her nose pierced ?	footage
12349	She continues talking to the camera and eventually shows footage of her getting her nose pierced .	she eventually shows what of her getting her nose pierced ?	footage


12374	The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames .	the camera continues and uses what on the frames ?	effects
12374	The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames .	what does the camera use on the frames ?	effects


12386	Then , the person apply foam to a sponge and cleans inside the square .	then , the person apply what to a sponge and cleans inside the square ?	foam
12386	Then , the person apply foam to a sponge and cleans inside the square .	what do then , the person apply to a sponge ?	foam


12387	After , the person clean with a cloth and peels the tape .	after , the person clean with a cloth and peels what ?	tape
12387	After , the person clean with a cloth and peels the tape .	what does after , the person peel ?	tape


12416	A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails .	the man holds what and starts clipping its nails ?	paw
12416	A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails .	what does the man hold ?	paw


12419	They board the plane before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky .	they board what before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky ?	airplane
12419	They board the plane before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky .	what do they board before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky ?	airplane


12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	the chef then picks up what and gives it to the lady in brown ?	plate
12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	what does the chef then pick up ?	plate


12460	Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon .	then they add what to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon ?	cucumber
12460	Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon .	what do then they add to the blue bowl ?	cucumber


12495	He puts sunglasses on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette .	he puts what on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette ?	sunglasses
12495	He puts sunglasses on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette .	what does he put on ?	sunglasses


12538	man are putting the shoes , grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends .	man are putting the shoes , grabs what and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends ?	skateboard
12538	man are putting the shoes , grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends .	what does man grab ?	skateboard


12553	A man wearing yellow kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown .	the man wearing yellow kicks what into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown ?	ball
12553	A man wearing yellow kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown .	what does the man wearing yellow kick into the goal ?	ball


12569	She places the various ingredients into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely .	she places what into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely ?	ingredients
12569	She places the various ingredients into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely .	what does she place into a bowl ?	ingredients


12615	The person maneuver the sail to turn around .	the person maneuver what ?	sail
12615	The person maneuver the sail to turn around .	what do the person maneuver ?	sail


12649	The person ties a candy cane with the box and shows it off to the camera .	the person ties what with the box and shows it off to the camera ?	cane
12649	The person ties a candy cane with the box and shows it off to the camera .	what does the person tie with the box ?	cane


12662	woman is holding a sunscreen tube and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen .	woman is holding what and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen ?	tube
12662	woman is holding a sunscreen tube and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen .	what is woman holding and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen ?	tube


12680	The woman places the lens on her palm and , using solution , cleans it .	the woman places what on her palm and , using solution , cleans it ?	lens
12680	The woman places the lens on her palm and , using solution , cleans it .	what does the woman place on her palm ?	lens


12681	The woman places the lens into the case and adds solution .	the woman places what into the case and adds solution ?	lens
12681	The woman places the lens into the case and adds solution .	what does the woman place into the case ?	lens


12690	The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard .	the girl bends forward and performs what into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard ?	dive
12690	The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard .	what does the girl perform into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard ?	dive


12693	He pulls up his pants and starts shaving his other leg .	he pulls up what and starts shaving his other leg ?	pants
12693	He pulls up his pants and starts shaving his other leg .	what does he pull up ?	pants


12702	the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board .	the lady shakes out what and puts it on an ironing board ?	dress
12702	the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board .	what does the lady shake out ?	dress


12703	The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out .	the lady rubs what and straitens it out ?	dress
12703	The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out .	what does the lady rub ?	dress


12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	then , the person covers what with carpet and cuts the leftovers ?	box
12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	what does then , the person cover with carpet ?	box


12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts what ?	leftovers
12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	what does then , the person cut ?	leftovers


12708	Then , the person fold the carpet on the borders and cut the parts not needed .	then , the person fold what on the borders and cut the parts not needed ?	carpet
12708	Then , the person fold the carpet on the borders and cut the parts not needed .	what do then , the person fold on the borders ?	carpet


12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	once done , the lady grabs what and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together ?	cups
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	what does once done , the lady grab and the two of them enjoy a drink together ?	cups


12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	the lady grabs how many cups and fills them up ?	two
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	how many cups does the lady grab ?	two


12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	she jumps and flips how many times backwards ?	two
12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	how many times does she flip backwards ?	two


12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	the girl then puts what on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food ?	ingredients
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	what does the girl then put on a plate ?	ingredients


12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	the girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts what over the food ?	wrap
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	what does the girl then put over the food ?	wrap


12805	He hands the instrument to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake .	he hands what to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake ?	instrument
12805	He hands the instrument to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake .	what does he hand to a man walking in ?	instrument


12811	The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose .	the man then holds what up to her nose and pierces her nose ?	gun
12811	The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose .	what does the man then hold up to her nose ?	gun


12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	he then unhooks what and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody ?	hook
12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	what does he then unhook ?	hook


12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	he then unhooks the long hook and use what ?	tools
12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	what do he then use ?	tools


NEW

12868	man jumps in the water and is holding a ball and sart playing in the pool .	where is man holding a ball and sart playing . ?	pool


12877	The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass .	the man mixes what into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass ?	ingredients
12877	The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass .	what does the man mix into a glass together ?	ingredients


12878	He then pushes the ingredients around and pours liquids into the glass , creating an alcoholic drink .	he then pushes what around and pours liquids into the glass , creating an alcoholic drink ?	ingredients
12878	He then pushes the ingredients around and pours liquids into the glass , creating an alcoholic drink .	he then pushes what around ?	ingredients


12911	The person pushes soap into their hands , watching the soap drip down , and then scrubs their hands .	the person pushes what into their hands , , and then scrubs their hands ?	soap
12911	The person pushes soap into their hands , watching the soap drip down , and then scrubs their hands .	what does the person push into their hands , ?	soap


12927	Three men flip a coin .	three men flip what ?	coin
12927	Three men flip a coin .	what do three men flip ?	coin


12973	Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again .	then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys what and scrubs them again ?	shoe
12973	Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again .	then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys what ?	shoe


12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	finally she wets what with water and wipes the shoe off ?	cloth
12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	what does finally she wet with water ?	cloth


12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes what off ?	shoe
12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	what does finally she wipe off ?	shoe


12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	she pierces what through the nose and holds the pliers in place ?	needle
12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	what does she pierce through the nose ?	needle


12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	she pierces a needle through the nose and holds what in place ?	pliers
12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	what does she hold in place ?	pliers


13072	A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	the woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws what onto the field ?	ball
13072	A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what does the woman in a blue shirt throw onto the field ?	ball


13083	She talks to the camera and shows off her cat nails .	she talks to the camera and shows off what ?	nails
13083	She talks to the camera and shows off her cat nails .	what does she show off ?	nails


13084	She grabs a tool and begins cutting the cat 's claws .	she grabs what and begins cutting the cat 's claws ?	tool
13084	She grabs a tool and begins cutting the cat 's claws .	what does she grab ?	tool


NEW

13135	The boys laugh and joke together in the bathroom .	where do the boys joke . ?	bathroom


13138	The boy rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room .	the boy rolls up what and throws it in the corner of the room ?	towel
13138	The boy rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room .	what does the boy roll up ?	towel


13148	He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side .	he stops playing and puts what down to his side ?	violin
13148	He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side .	what does he put down to his side ?	violin


13150	Now , the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get .	now , the human has what and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get ?	frisbees
13150	Now , the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get .	what does now , the human have ?	frisbees


13169	She catches the baton and twirls .	she catches what and twirls ?	baton
13169	She catches the baton and twirls .	what does she catch ?	baton


13305	The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety .	the rodeo clowns distract what ?	bull
13305	The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety .	what do the rodeo clowns distract ?	bull


13314	A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried .	the dog owner takes how many dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried ?	three
13314	A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried .	how many dogs does the dog owner take to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed ?	three


13320	He finishes his weld and backs away .	he finishes what and backs away ?	weld
13320	He finishes his weld and backs away .	what does he finish ?	weld


13324	He then lays the carpet down on top of it and smooths it out .	he then lays what down on top of it and smooths it out ?	carpet
13324	He then lays the carpet down on top of it and smooths it out .	what does he then lay down on top of it ?	carpet


13344	A person washes and cuts open a pumpkin .	the person washes and cuts open what ?	pumpkin
13344	A person washes and cuts open a pumpkin .	what does the person cut open ?	pumpkin


13368	Intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie the calf .	intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie what ?	calf
13368	Intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie the calf .	what do intermediately , the man tie ?	calf


13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	the woman then puts what in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan ?	butter
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	what does the woman then put in the pan ?	butter


13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	the woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours what into the pan ?	mix
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	what does the woman then pour into the pan ?	mix


NEW

13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	where does the woman then put butter . ?	pan


13379	The woman grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly .	the woman grabs what and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly ?	spatula
13379	The woman grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly .	what does the woman grab ?	spatula


13390	The woman pulls out a feather and licks it .	the woman pulls out what and licks it ?	feather
13390	The woman pulls out a feather and licks it .	what does the woman pull out ?	feather


13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he brings forward what looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel ?	shovel
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	what does he bring forward looking gadget , still talking ?	shovel


13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , and then grabs what ?	shovel
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he then grabs what ?	shovel


13415	He throws the shovel and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow .	he throws what and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow ?	shovel
13415	He throws the shovel and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow .	what does he throw ?	shovel


13445	The woman then closes the drawer and brushes it some more .	the woman then closes what and brushes it some more ?	drawer
13445	The woman then closes the drawer and brushes it some more .	what does the woman then close ?	drawer


13465	He puts it on a plate and shows the camera .	he puts it on a plate and shows what ?	camera
13465	He puts it on a plate and shows the camera .	what does he show ?	camera


13525	Then she pours citrus into the glass and puts a straw into it .	then she pours what into the glass and puts a straw into it ?	citrus
13525	Then she pours citrus into the glass and puts a straw into it .	what does then she pour into the glass ?	citrus


13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	the woman then wears what and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse ?	glove
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	what does the woman then wear ?	glove


13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	the woman then wears a glove and brushes what all over ?	horse
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	what did the woman then brush all over ?	horse


13602	Many people are dancing , falling off skateboards , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips .	many people are dancing , falling off what , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips ?	skateboards
13602	Many people are dancing , falling off skateboards , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips .	what are many people dancing , falling off , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking ?	skateboards


13608	she then puts away her equipment and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away .	she then puts away what and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away ?	equipment
13608	she then puts away her equipment and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away .	what does she then put away ?	equipment


13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	the cooker puts what on a square container and adds vegetables ?	pasta
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	what does the cooker put on a square container ?	pasta


13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	the cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds what ?	vegetables
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	what does the cooker add ?	vegetables


13622	She then holds the stick up and pole volts herself onto a mat .	she then holds what up and pole volts herself onto a mat ?	stick
13622	She then holds the stick up and pole volts herself onto a mat .	she then holds what up ?	stick


13633	The reporter then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes .	the reporter then changes what and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes ?	clothes
13633	The reporter then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes .	what does the reporter then change ?	clothes


13691	A persons hands are seen laying clay out onto a cake and begins painting objects on the side .	the persons hands are seen and begins what on the side ?	objects
13691	A persons hands are seen laying clay out onto a cake and begins painting objects on the side .	what does the persons hands begin on the side ?	objects


13692	The woman puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side .	the woman puts what around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side ?	decorations
13692	The woman puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side .	what does the woman put around the cake ?	decorations


13712	The man picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly .	the man picks up what and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly ?	tool
13712	The man picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly .	what does the man pick up ?	tool


13715	The man pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again .	the man pulls what back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again ?	mask
13715	The man pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again .	what does the man pull back down ?	mask


13730	He uses the tool to push a carpet area over and continues talking to the camera .	he uses what and continues talking to the camera ?	tool
13730	He uses the tool to push a carpet area over and continues talking to the camera .	what does he use ?	tool


13756	The host enters a gun store and dances around .	the host enters what and dances around ?	store
13756	The host enters a gun store and dances around .	what does the host enter ?	store


13762	The man checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown .	the man checks what and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown ?	phone
13762	The man checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown .	what does the man check and another shot of people canoeing are shown ?	phone


13789	The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather .	the surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds what ?	lather
13789	The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather .	what does the surgeon build ?	lather


13809	She taps it over and over again , but does n't break the pinata .	she taps it over and over again , but does n't break what ?	pinata
13809	She taps it over and over again , but does n't break the pinata .	what does she do n't break ?	pinata


13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	then she pours what and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it ?	peppers
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	what does then she pour and she pours the tomato sauce into it ?	peppers


13889	The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball .	the man spins in place and releases/throws what ?	ball
13889	The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball .	what does the man releases/throws ?	ball


13906	We see a man hop and deflect a ball from the net in slow motion .	we see a man hop and deflect what from the net in slow motion ?	ball
13906	We see a man hop and deflect a ball from the net in slow motion .	what do we deflect from the net in slow motion ?	ball


13909	The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead , then he put it in the pot .	the boy lift the brush from the pot and brush what instead , then he put it in the pot ?	sink
13909	The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead , then he put it in the pot .	what do the boy brush instead , then he put it in the pot ?	sink


13914	The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance .	the girl lowers what and wand at the end of the performance ?	violin
13914	The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance .	what does the girl lower ?	violin


13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	the boys connect what to the first one and try out the new slide ?	slide
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	what do the boys connect to the first one ?	slide


13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	the boys connect a slide to the first one and try out what ?	slide
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	what do the boys try out ?	slide


13993	They mix the eggs around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together .	they mix what around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together ?	eggs
13993	They mix the eggs around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together .	what do they mix around a bowl and place butter ?	eggs


13994	They add several more ingredients to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate .	they add what to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate ?	ingredients
13994	They add several more ingredients to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate .	what do they add to the mixture ?	ingredients


14004	Then , teen puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye .	then , teen puts contact what on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye ?	lens
14004	Then , teen puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye .	what does then , teen put contact on the index finger ?	lens


14037	A gymnast holds a ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball .	the gymnast holds what attached with a string and then spins holding the ball ?	ball
14037	A gymnast holds a ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball .	what does the gymnast hold attached with a string ?	ball


14065	The trumpet player walks over and picks up a bell .	the trumpet player walks over and picks up what ?	bell
14065	The trumpet player walks over and picks up a bell .	what does the trumpet player pick up ?	bell


14074	The man moves up and down a bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end .	the man moves up and down what and walks to the camera in the end ?	bar
14074	The man moves up and down a bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end .	what does the man move up and down ?	bar


14077	The the third time she jumps again on the horse bar and raises her left foot , does a front flip and gets off the bar .	the the third time , does a front flip and gets off what ?	bar
14077	The the third time she jumps again on the horse bar and raises her left foot , does a front flip and gets off the bar .	what does the the third time , get off ?	bar


14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	she repeats what again and jumps off the horse bar ?	steps
14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	what does she repeat again ?	steps


14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	she repeats the same steps again and jumps off what ?	bar
14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	what does she jump off ?	bar


NEW

14108	kids enters in a room and run to the man and woman .	where does kids enter . ?	room


14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	man gives what to the woman and wear it ?	mask
14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	what does man give to the woman ?	mask


14119	She puts the rope under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit .	she puts what under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit ?	rope
14119	She puts the rope under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit .	what does she put under her feet ?	rope


NEW

14144	She dabs a brush in the paint and begins painting her nails .	where does she dab a brush . ?	paint


14166	Then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes the sink down with it .	then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes what down with it ?	sink
14166	Then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes the sink down with it .	what does then she wipe down with it ?	sink


14176	The host fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices .	the host fills what with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices ?	container
14176	The host fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices .	what does the host fill with ice ?	container


14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	he pours what on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur ?	shampoo
14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	what does he pour on the dog ?	shampoo


14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	he pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs what into it 's fur ?	shampoo
14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	what did he rub into it 's fur ?	shampoo


14216	She bakes the cake and pulls it out when it 's done .	she bakes what and pulls it out when it 's done ?	cake
14216	She bakes the cake and pulls it out when it 's done .	what does she bake ?	cake


14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	the man grabs what and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball ?	ball
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	what does the man grab ?	ball


14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	the man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws what ?	ball
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	the man takes a big step behind him and throws what ?	ball


14261	He moves the bench , and walks around with the ladder , continuing to trim hedges .	he moves what , and walks around with the ladder , ?	bench
14261	He moves the bench , and walks around with the ladder , continuing to trim hedges .	what does he move ?	bench


14273	The boy then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still .	the boy then returns to the curbside and puts how many foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still ?	one
14273	The boy then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still .	how many foot does the boy then put on the board and the other on the ground ?	one


14291	She picks up a clear box and opens it .	she picks up what and opens it ?	box
14291	She picks up a clear box and opens it .	what does she pick up ?	box


14292	She closes the box and puts it away .	she closes what and puts it away ?	box
14292	She closes the box and puts it away .	what does she close ?	box


14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	kid is holding what and is blowing leaves from the street ?	blower
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	what is kid holding ?	blower


14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	kid is holding a blower and is blowing what from the street ?	leaves
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	what is kid blowing from the street ?	leaves


14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans what with the blower and a man help him ?	leaves
14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	what does the kid clean with the blower and a man ?	leaves


NEW

14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	where does the kid walk . ?	sidewalk


14353	He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game .	he finally hits what in and ends the game ?	ball
14353	He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game .	he finally hits what in ?	ball


14385	Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object .	two gloved hands are using welding what and stick on an object ?	gun
14385	Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object .	what are two gloved hands using welding ?	gun


14411	A man jumps stairs and falls .	the man jumps what and falls ?	stairs
14411	A man jumps stairs and falls .	what does the man jump ?	stairs


NEW

14465	man is standing in a trampoline and make a vig somersault into the pool .	where is man standing . ?	trampoline


14467	man get outs the pool , grab a towel and dry his face .	man get , grab what and dry his face ?	towel
14467	man get outs the pool , grab a towel and dry his face .	what do man grab ?	towel


14484	The lady cracks her knuckles and then bends down and tries to lift the weights .	the lady cracks what and then bends down and tries to lift the weights ?	knuckles
14484	The lady cracks her knuckles and then bends down and tries to lift the weights .	what does the lady crack ?	knuckles


14486	Another girl then walks up and lifts the bar half way , realizes shes incapable and drops it .	another girl then walks up and lifts what , realizes shes incapable and drops it ?	way
14486	Another girl then walks up and lifts the bar half way , realizes shes incapable and drops it .	what does another girl then lift ?	way


14497	People come out and distract the bull .	people come out and distract what ?	bull
14497	People come out and distract the bull .	what do people distract ?	bull


14508	He applies messy makeup and poses for the camera .	he applies what and poses for the camera ?	makeup
14508	He applies messy makeup and poses for the camera .	what does he apply ?	makeup


14539	Finally adding the pasta to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together .	finally adding what to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together ?	pasta
14539	Finally adding the pasta to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together .	finally adding what to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes ?	pasta


14606	The man puts the ball down and grabs another , then another and talks .	the man puts what down and grabs another , then another and talks ?	ball
14606	The man puts the ball down and grabs another , then another and talks .	what does the man put down ?	ball


14619	He brings the knife to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate .	he brings what to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate ?	knife
14619	He brings the knife to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate .	what does he bring to a sharpener ?	knife


14624	Finally the person grabs the fish and presents it to the camera .	finally the person grabs what and presents it to the camera ?	fish
14624	Finally the person grabs the fish and presents it to the camera .	what does finally the person grab ?	fish


NEW

14626	They go in the house and gather supplies for shaving , which are listed on the screen .	where do they go . ?	house


14633	He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup .	he then takes how many syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup ?	two
14633	He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup .	how many syrup does he then take like liquor ?	two


NEW

14633	He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup .	where do he then pour them . ?	cup


NEW

14681	A person rolls over in bed and looks at their phone .	where does the person roll over . ?	bed


14692	The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around .	the woman puts what down and begins leading a group of people dancing around ?	drink
14692	The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around .	what does the woman put down ?	drink


14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	man drops what and explain how to jump and holds the rope again ?	rope
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	what does man drop ?	rope


14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	man drops the rope and explain and holds what again ?	rope
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	what does man hold again ?	rope


14766	Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal .	another player then steals what and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal ?	ball
14766	Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal .	what does another player then steal ?	ball


14772	We see the road in the distance and see cars driving .	we see the road in the distance and see what ?	cars
14772	We see the road in the distance and see cars driving .	what do we see ?	cars


14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds what out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks ?	stick
14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds what out and grabs a fish ?	stick


14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds a stick out and grabs what and pokes at sharks ?	fish
14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds a stick out and grabs what ?	fish


14804	He mounts a tightrope and balances on it .	he mounts what and balances on it ?	tightrope
14804	He mounts a tightrope and balances on it .	what does he mount ?	tightrope


14815	They jump up and make a basket .	they jump up and make what ?	basket
14815	They jump up and make a basket .	what do they make ?	basket


NEW

14918	Then she is shown with a black shirt and long hair and begins talking in a dark staircase .	where does then she begin talking . ?	staircase


NEW

14923	The girl sits in the chair and begins shaking her ear length hair and holding up the cut off hair in her hands .	where does the girl sit . ?	chair


14954	the woman spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides .	the woman spread what again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides ?	cream
14954	the woman spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides .	what do the woman spread again in the top ?	cream


14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	thw woman grabs what and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top ?	fondant
14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	what does thw woman grab ?	fondant


15012	man go for a dustpan and a bag and pick up the leaves from the floor .	man go for the dustpan and a bag and pick up what from the floor ?	leaves
15012	man go for a dustpan and a bag and pick up the leaves from the floor .	what do man pick up from the floor ?	leaves


15019	Someone is riding a horse across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback .	someone is riding what across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback ?	horse
15019	Someone is riding a horse across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback .	what is someone riding across a grassy field ?	horse


15088	The person lays out dirt and cut a hole into it while also putting a plant inside .	the person lays out dirt and cut what into it ?	hole
15088	The person lays out dirt and cut a hole into it while also putting a plant inside .	what did the person cut into it ?	hole


15089	The person waters the plant and ends by laying out more dirt .	the person waters what and ends by laying out more dirt ?	plant
15089	The person waters the plant and ends by laying out more dirt .	what does the person water ?	plant


15092	He throws it and completely misses the dart board all together .	he throws it and completely misses what all together ?	board
15092	He throws it and completely misses the dart board all together .	he completely misses what all together ?	board


15096	The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake .	the man sets what into the log and takes a brake ?	blade
15096	The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake .	what does the man set into the log ?	blade


15102	He pushes off and uses the exercise machine .	he pushes off and uses exercise what ?	machine
15102	He pushes off and uses the exercise machine .	what does he use exercise ?	machine


15150	The man in peach lines back up and shoots three darts at the dart board and removes them .	the man in peach lines back up and shoots how many darts at the dart board and removes them ?	three
15150	The man in peach lines back up and shoots three darts at the dart board and removes them .	the man in peach lines shoots how many darts at the dart board and removes them ?	three


15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	he lines back up in front of the board and throws what ?	dart
15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	what does he throw ?	dart


15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	he lines back up in front of the board and throws how many more dart ?	one
15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	how many more dart does he throw ?	one


15152	More people gather around as two men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance .	more people gather around as how many men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance ?	two
15152	More people gather around as two men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance .	how many men do more people gather around as remove the darts from the dartboards ?	two


15156	The man in peach throws three darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them .	the man in peach throws how many darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them ?	three
15156	The man in peach throws three darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them .	how many darts does the man in peach throw at the board again ?	three


15159	The boy reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera .	the boy reaches what and turns and smiles for the camera ?	platform
15159	The boy reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera .	what does the boy reach ?	platform


15171	She pours more out more flours into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made .	she pours more out what into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made ?	flours
15171	She pours more out more flours into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made .	what does she pour more out into the mixer ?	flours


15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	she lays out what , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie ?	ingredients
15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	what does she lay out ?	ingredients


15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	she lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart what ?	cookie
15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	what does she break apart ?	cookie


15174	The man turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk .	the man turns around and points and scolds what and continues to walk ?	bird
15174	The man turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk .	the man points and scolds what and continues to walk ?	bird


15189	The girl then throws a rock and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back .	the girl then throws what and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back ?	rock
15189	The girl then throws a rock and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back .	what does the girl then throw ?	rock


15225	The man then pushes the pipe down and nails it .	the man then pushes what down and nails it ?	pipe
15225	The man then pushes the pipe down and nails it .	the man then pushes what down ?	pipe


15243	A different man does leg dips , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars .	the different man does what , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars ?	dips
15243	A different man does leg dips , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars .	what does the different man do ?	dips


15252	A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow .	the person ski over what and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow ?	rail
15252	A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow .	what do the person ski over , then land stand on the snow ?	rail


15253	The person ski over a ramp and fly in the air very high .	the person ski over what and fly in the air very high ?	ramp
15253	The person ski over a ramp and fly in the air very high .	what do the person ski over ?	ramp


15302	She drops her baton and goes after it .	she drops what and goes after it ?	baton
15302	She drops her baton and goes after it .	what does she drop ?	baton


15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has what and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air ?	batons
15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has what ?	batons


15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has how many batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air ?	two
15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has how many batons ?	two


15307	She picked it up and added a third baton and finished her routine .	she picked it up and added what and finished her routine ?	baton
15307	She picked it up and added a third baton and finished her routine .	she added what and finished her routine ?	baton


15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	the news reporter wears what and looks very happy in it ?	sweater
15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	what does the news reporter wear ?	sweater


15345	She spins , flips , and does cartwheels while using the hoop .	she spins , flips , and does what while using the hoop ?	cartwheels
15345	She spins , flips , and does cartwheels while using the hoop .	what does she do while using the hoop ?	cartwheels


15365	He goes over the door window and then uses another gadget after to wipe down the soap .	he goes over the door window and then uses what after ?	gadget
15365	He goes over the door window and then uses another gadget after to wipe down the soap .	he then uses what after ?	gadget


15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	then , the cheerleaders make what and then jump , then they do cartwheels ?	tower
15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	what do then , the cheerleaders make , then they do cartwheels ?	tower


NEW

15370	Two cheerleaders get up in a tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people .	where do two cheerleaders get up . ?	tower


15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	the person rolls what and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands ?	dough
15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	what does the person roll ?	dough


15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	the person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens what out using their hands ?	balls
15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	the person cuts it into little pieces and flattens what out using their hands ?	balls


15380	Then the person puts the cookies on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes .	then the person puts what on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes ?	cookies
15380	Then the person puts the cookies on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes .	what does then the person put on a baking sheet in a pan ?	cookies


15406	man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor .	man grabbed what from the ice and lay on the floor ?	fish
15406	man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor .	what did man grab from the ice ?	fish


15417	The man lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles .	the man lifts what off of his face and smiles ?	goggles
15417	The man lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles .	what does the man lift off of his face ?	goggles


15454	He throws the calf down and ties him up , followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds .	he throws what down and ties him up , followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds ?	calf
15454	He throws the calf down and ties him up , followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds .	what does he throw down ?	calf


15465	An intro begins for DX sports and shows two men skating down a road .	an intro begins for dx sports and shows how many men skating down a road ?	two
15465	An intro begins for DX sports and shows two men skating down a road .	how many men does an intro show skating down a road ?	two


15514	A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes .	the camera pans all around a yard and shows how many dogs on leashes ?	two
15514	A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes .	how many dogs does the camera show on leashes ?	two


NEW

15522	The girl puts her mixture into the pans and puts them in an easy bake oven .	where does the girl put them . ?	oven


15529	She slide tiles onto the roof and nail them into place .	she slide what onto the roof and nail them into place ?	tiles
15529	She slide tiles onto the roof and nail them into place .	what do she slide onto the roof ?	tiles


15553	The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table .	the woman then pulls out what and wipes off the table ?	rag
15553	The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table .	what does the woman then pull out ?	rag


15576	He put his feet on a holder , and put the strap on .	he put his feet on a holder , and put what on ?	strap
15576	He put his feet on a holder , and put the strap on .	what do he put on ?	strap


15613	The man removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand .	the man removes what from his mouth and holds it in his hand ?	cigarette
15613	The man removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand .	what does the man remove from his mouth ?	cigarette


15620	Gymnasts compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips .	gymnasts compete in an event and do what with hand grips ?	routine
15620	Gymnasts compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips .	what do gymnasts do with hand grips ?	routine


15626	The woman continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag .	the woman continue and leads into one what ?	bag
15626	The woman continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag .	what does the woman lead into one ?	bag


15644	The men then hit a ball all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water .	the men then hit what all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water ?	ball
15644	The men then hit a ball all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water .	what did the men then hit all around the yard through stands sticking out ?	ball


NEW

15657	Finally , the man takes a set in the room and begins talking and demonstrating effective ways to hold the violin and play it efficiently .	where does finally , the man take a set . ?	room


15707	She lifts up the horses foot and cleans the bottom of the foot .	she lifts up what and cleans the bottom of the foot ?	foot
15707	She lifts up the horses foot and cleans the bottom of the foot .	what does she lift up ?	foot


15709	The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring .	the man mixes what together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring ?	ingredients
15709	The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring .	what does the man mix together into a bowl ?	ingredients


15767	She wipes down door handles as well and then puts the rags into a washing machine , hanging up the pole in the end .	she wipes down door handles as well and then puts what into a washing machine , ?	rags
15767	She wipes down door handles as well and then puts the rags into a washing machine , hanging up the pole in the end .	she wipes then puts what into a washing machine ?	rags


15784	After , the woman puts a cup on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon .	after , the woman puts what on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon ?	cup
15784	After , the woman puts a cup on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon .	what does after , the woman put on top ?	cup


15786	She opens the bottle and pours it into a bucket on the ground .	she opens what and pours it into a bucket on the ground ?	bottle
15786	She opens the bottle and pours it into a bucket on the ground .	what does she open ?	bottle


15787	She puts a mop rag into the bucket and puts it on her mop .	she puts what into the bucket and puts it on her mop ?	rag
15787	She puts a mop rag into the bucket and puts it on her mop .	what does she put into the bucket ?	rag


15810	A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground .	the man jumps what and falls to the ground ?	ramp
15810	A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground .	what does the man jump ?	ramp


15812	The last boy removes his helmet , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera .	the last boy removes what , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera ?	helmet
15812	The last boy removes his helmet , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera .	what does the last boy remove ?	helmet


15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	the woman holds what and practices the keys while lying down ?	flute
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	what does the woman hold ?	flute


15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	the woman holds a flute and practices what while lying down ?	keys
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	what does the woman practice while lying down ?	keys


15825	man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove the fake tattoo sleeves .	man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove what ?	sleeves
15825	man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove the fake tattoo sleeves .	man in the bed talk to a woman and remove what ?	sleeves


15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	the man closing what and then opening his car door ?	door
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	what is the man closing ?	door


15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	the man closing his house door and then opening what ?	door
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	the man then opening what ?	door


15829	He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop .	he gets in the car and puts what in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop ?	keys
15829	He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop .	he puts what in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop ?	keys


NEW

15829	He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop .	where does he get . ?	car


15840	He runs down the track again and jumps into the sand several times .	he runs down what again and jumps into the sand several times ?	track
15840	He runs down the track again and jumps into the sand several times .	what does he run down again ?	track


15851	Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth .	another girl brushes her teeth and shows what on how to properly brush teeth ?	stills
15851	Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth .	what does another girl show on how to properly brush teeth ?	stills


15862	The woman picks up the stereo and starts walking .	the woman picks up what and starts walking ?	stereo
15862	The woman picks up the stereo and starts walking .	what does the woman pick up ?	stereo


15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	he presses what on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum ?	button
15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	what did he press on his phone ?	button


15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	he presses a button on his phone and plays what again and ending with one final smack on the drum ?	drums
15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	he plays what again and ending with one final smack on the drum ?	drums


15883	He plays the instrument in front of the piano and walks back to the camera .	he plays what in front of the piano and walks back to the camera ?	instrument
15883	He plays the instrument in front of the piano and walks back to the camera .	what does he play in front of the piano ?	instrument


15891	Then , a boy runs and break a door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised .	then , the boy runs and break what ?	door
15891	Then , a boy runs and break a door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised .	what do then , the boy break ?	door


15905	The person then grabs a razor and begins shaving the man 's leg while dipping it into a sink .	the person then grabs what and begins shaving the man 's leg while dipping it into a sink ?	razor
15905	The person then grabs a razor and begins shaving the man 's leg while dipping it into a sink .	what does the person then grab ?	razor


15941	The lady cuts a potato and puts it in the water .	the lady cuts what and puts it in the water ?	potato
15941	The lady cuts a potato and puts it in the water .	what does the lady cut ?	potato


15948	The chef adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes .	the chef adds what to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes ?	garlic
15948	The chef adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes .	what does the chef add to oil in a saute pan ?	garlic


15952	He adds the chopped parsley to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade .	he adds what to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade ?	parsley
15952	He adds the chopped parsley to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade .	what does he add to the spaghetti ?	parsley


16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	the girl eats what and eats an ice cream cone ?	licks
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	what does the girl eat ?	licks


16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	the girl eats licks and eats what ?	cone
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	what does the girl eat ?	cone


16092	The man also holds up a razor and begins writing on the paper .	the man also holds up what and begins writing on the paper ?	razor
16092	The man also holds up a razor and begins writing on the paper .	what does the man also hold up ?	razor


16131	The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath .	the camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up what ?	car
16131	The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath .	what is the camera lifting up ?	car


16140	The woman then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg .	the woman then grabs what from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg ?	razor
16140	The woman then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg .	what does the woman then grab from her mouth with her right hand ?	razor


16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts what and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more ?	wire
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	what does one man cut and another man spins the tires once more ?	wire


16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts a wire and checks what and another man spins the tires once more ?	tires
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	what does one man check and another man spins the tires once more ?	tires


16177	A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground .	the man in a black shirt is controlling what and falls on the ground ?	kite
16177	A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground .	what is the man in a black shirt controlling ?	kite


16208	The man pushes and spins a tire over the wheel well .	the man pushes and spins what over the wheel well ?	tire
16208	The man pushes and spins a tire over the wheel well .	what does the man spin over the wheel well ?	tire


16233	When he is done , he lowers his instrument and smiles broadly .	, he lowers what and smiles broadly ?	instrument
16233	When he is done , he lowers his instrument and smiles broadly .	what does , he lower ?	instrument


16255	She is now on another wall and is using a utensil to smooth out the paper .	she is now on another wall and is using what ?	utensil
16255	She is now on another wall and is using a utensil to smooth out the paper .	what is she using ?	utensil


16294	The man in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area .	the man in applies more plaster what and covers more area ?	wall
16294	The man in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area .	what does the man in apply more plaster ?	wall


16307	He picks up the knife sharpener and uses it to sharpen the knife .	he picks up what and uses it to sharpen the knife ?	sharpener
16307	He picks up the knife sharpener and uses it to sharpen the knife .	what does he pick up ?	sharpener


16318	She wipes her face down with a towel and then puts lotion all over her face .	she wipes her face down with a towel and then puts what all over her face ?	lotion
16318	She wipes her face down with a towel and then puts lotion all over her face .	she then puts what all over her face ?	lotion


16326	He fills in air and checks the tire pressure .	he fills in air and checks what ?	pressure
16326	He fills in air and checks the tire pressure .	what does he check ?	pressure


16338	A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal .	the man grabs what and throws it in the goal ?	ball
16338	A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal .	what does the man grab ?	ball


16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	the man then grabs what and cuts the weeds along the edge ?	weed
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	what does the man then grab ?	weed


16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	the man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts what along the edge ?	weeds
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	what does the man then cut along the edge ?	weeds


16353	The person who is piercing her septum continues to hold it and grabs the needle with the other hand .	the person continues and grabs what with the other hand ?	needle
16353	The person who is piercing her septum continues to hold it and grabs the needle with the other hand .	what does the person grab with the other hand ?	needle


16383	The first lady performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed .	the first lady performs again and knocks what over and looks disappointed ?	bar
16383	The first lady performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed .	the first lady knocks what over and looks disappointed ?	bar


16385	The second lady from Uzbekistan performs and clears the bar and almost cries .	the second lady from uzbekistan performs and clears what and almost cries ?	bar
16385	The second lady from Uzbekistan performs and clears the bar and almost cries .	what does the second lady from uzbekistan perform and clears ?	bar


16392	They then lay out mats , and do several yoga cool down moves .	they then lay out what , and do several yoga cool down moves ?	mats
16392	They then lay out mats , and do several yoga cool down moves .	what did they then lay out ?	mats


16397	A bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play .	the bald individual retrieves what and reinserts it into play ?	ball
16397	A bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play .	what does the bald individual retrieve ?	ball


16399	The bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play again .	the bald individual retrieves what and reinserts it into play again ?	ball
16399	The bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play again .	what does the bald individual retrieve ?	ball


16403	A man throws a bowling balls and throws all the pins every time .	the man throws what and throws all the pins every time ?	balls
16403	A man throws a bowling balls and throws all the pins every time .	what does the man throw ?	balls


16417	The young woman puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track .	the young woman puts what down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track ?	tablet
16417	The young woman puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track .	what does the young woman put down after trying to video the game ?	tablet


16449	He steps up and throws several more balls in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt .	he steps up and throws what in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt ?	balls
16449	He steps up and throws several more balls in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt .	what does he throw in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt ?	balls


16481	A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor .	the man enters what and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor ?	bedroom
16481	A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor .	what does the man enter ?	bedroom


16519	A weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head , several times while surrounded by onlookers .	the weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily what above his head , several times ?	bells
16519	A weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head , several times while surrounded by onlookers .	what does the weightlifter lift heavily above his head , several times ?	bells


16549	A guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws the stick .	the guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws what ?	stick
16549	A guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws the stick .	what does the guy throw ?	stick


16552	The guy smiles and puts a cloth down .	the guy smiles and puts what down ?	cloth
16552	The guy smiles and puts a cloth down .	what does the guy put down ?	cloth


16571	The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer .	the lady spins with the hammer and throws what ?	hammer
16571	The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer .	what does the lady throw ?	hammer


16580	A man is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball .	the man is bowling and misses how many pin with his first ball ?	one
16580	A man is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball .	how many pin does the man miss with his first ball ?	one


16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	the man switches what and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes ?	balls
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	what does the man switch ?	balls


16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	the man switches balls and bowls what ?	rounds
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	what does the man bowl ?	rounds


16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	he changes what again and bowls two more strikes ?	ball
16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	what does he change again ?	ball


16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	he changes his ball again and bowls how many more strikes ?	two
16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	how many more strikes does he bowl ?	two


16596	Once they reach the bottom , they grab their tube and begin to walk off the slope .	, they grab what and begin to walk off the slope ?	tube
16596	Once they reach the bottom , they grab their tube and begin to walk off the slope .	what do , they grab ?	tube


16621	A man jumps over stairs and runs into the camera .	the man jumps over what and runs into the camera ?	stairs
16621	A man jumps over stairs and runs into the camera .	what does the man jump over ?	stairs


16629	She laughs , then shares the hookah with another woman , who changes the tip and smokes as well .	she laughs , then shares what with another woman , who changes the tip and smokes as well ?	hookah
16629	She laughs , then shares the hookah with another woman , who changes the tip and smokes as well .	she then shares what with another woman , who changes the tip ?	hookah


16641	The man wets his hands and adds soap .	the man wets his hands and adds what ?	soap
16641	The man wets his hands and adds soap .	what does the man add ?	soap


16663	She removes the lens out and places it on her finger .	she removes what out and places it on her finger ?	lens
16663	She removes the lens out and places it on her finger .	what does she remove out ?	lens


16698	The man then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up .	the man then shows what around a group of people as well as close up ?	pumpkin
16698	The man then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up .	what does the man then show around a group of people ?	pumpkin


16734	He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely .	he wears the shoes over black socks and ties what securely ?	laces
16734	He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely .	what does he tie securely ?	laces


16747	He shows off his legs and then runs an electric razor down his legs shaving off the hair .	he shows off his legs and then runs what down his legs ?	razor
16747	He shows off his legs and then runs an electric razor down his legs shaving off the hair .	he then runs what down his legs ?	razor


16751	The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone .	the middle man crosses his hands and has what ?	microphone
16751	The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone .	what does the middle man have ?	microphone


16752	The lady gets the microphone back and talks .	the lady gets what back and talks ?	microphone
16752	The lady gets the microphone back and talks .	what does the lady get back ?	microphone


16753	The lady grabs flute and plays .	the lady grabs what and plays ?	flute
16753	The lady grabs flute and plays .	what does the lady grab ?	flute


16812	She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing one more time .	she mixes a third time and adds what , ?	chips
16812	She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing one more time .	what does she add ?	chips


16815	After several minutes she takes out the pan and spread the cookies out .	after several minutes she takes out the pan and spread what out ?	cookies
16815	After several minutes she takes out the pan and spread the cookies out .	what do after several minutes she spread out ?	cookies


16817	She mixes ingredients into a container and pours out more water .	she mixes what into a container and pours out more water ?	ingredients
16817	She mixes ingredients into a container and pours out more water .	what does she mix into a container ?	ingredients


16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	she scrubs what down with soap and then rinses the dog off ?	dog
16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	what does she scrub down with soap ?	dog


16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	she scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses what off ?	dog
16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	she then rinses what off ?	dog


16871	She is discussing the shirt and brings out a startch spray .	she is discussing what and brings out a startch spray ?	shirt
16871	She is discussing the shirt and brings out a startch spray .	what is she discussing ?	shirt


16876	Next she flips over the shirt and places the sleeve down .	next she flips over the shirt and places what down ?	sleeve
16876	Next she flips over the shirt and places the sleeve down .	what does next she place down ?	sleeve


16885	He finishes and puts the bar down .	he finishes and puts what down ?	bar
16885	He finishes and puts the bar down .	what does he put down ?	bar


16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	the lady mixes what and bakes colorful layers for a cake ?	ingredients
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	what does the lady mix ?	ingredients


16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	the lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes what for a cake ?	layers
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	what does the lady bake for a cake ?	layers


16900	He takes off his glove and pulls his cell phone out .	he takes off his glove and pulls what out ?	phone
16900	He takes off his glove and pulls his cell phone out .	what does he pull out ?	phone


OLD

16931	Finally letting go and throwing the ball .	finally letting and throwing what ?	ball


16952	This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards .	this time he is wearing what and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards ?	shirt
16952	This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards .	what is this time he wearing ?	shirt


16959	He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it .	he shows what and swivels the shaving brush around it ?	bowl
16959	He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it .	what does he show ?	bowl


16962	He grabs the bowl again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside .	he grabs what again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside ?	bowl
16962	He grabs the bowl again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside .	what does he grab again ?	bowl


16978	The person continues painting bushes in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen .	the person continues what in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen ?	bushes
16978	The person continues painting bushes in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen .	what does the person continue in the picture ?	bushes


16994	First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other .	first the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves how many foot behind the other ?	one
16994	First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other .	how many foot does first the woman move behind the other ?	one


NEW

17007	The man takes sausage and cooks it in a pan .	where did the man cook it . ?	pan


17021	They finish and pet the cat 's foot .	they finish and pet what foot ?	cat
17021	They finish and pet the cat 's foot .	what did they pet foot ?	cat


17024	She spanks her butt and stands there getting ready to start her run .	she spanks what and stands there getting ready to start her run ?	butt
17024	She spanks her butt and stands there getting ready to start her run .	what does she spank ?	butt


17028	Then the older sister grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin .	then the older sister grabs what and tunes the strings of the violin ?	violin
17028	Then the older sister grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin .	what does then the older sister grab ?	violin


17039	He takes the mallet in his hand and hits the croquet ball to the hoop .	he takes the mallet in his hand and hits what to the hoop ?	ball
17039	He takes the mallet in his hand and hits the croquet ball to the hoop .	what does he hit to the hoop ?	ball


17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	the guy plays what and uses a microphone ?	saxophone
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	what does the guy play ?	saxophone


17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	the guy plays a saxophone and uses what ?	microphone
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	what does the guy use ?	microphone


17098	He grabs sugar , puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away .	he grabs what , puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away ?	sugar
17098	He grabs sugar , puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away .	what does he grab ?	sugar


17108	The boy holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit .	the boy holds what up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit ?	needles
17108	The boy holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit .	what does the boy hold up ?	needles


17144	She stands and wipes her trowel clean with a brush .	she stands and wipes what clean with a brush ?	trowel
17144	She stands and wipes her trowel clean with a brush .	what does she wipe clean with a brush ?	trowel


17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	the screen appears with the words `` methods of installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows what in each layout ?	carpets
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	what does the screen show in each layout ?	carpets


17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	the screen appears with the words `` methods of installation '' and includes how many different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout ?	three
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	how many different diagrams does the screen include of layouts ?	three


17165	A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick .	the little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits what with a stick ?	pinata
17165	A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick .	what does the little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu hit with a stick ?	pinata


17174	He loses his balance and jumps off the rope .	he loses his balance and jumps off what ?	rope
17174	He loses his balance and jumps off the rope .	what does he jump off ?	rope


17191	The guy picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow .	the guy picks up what and continues to shovel snow ?	shovel
17191	The guy picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow .	what does the guy pick up ?	shovel


17211	A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube .	the man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up what ?	cube
17211	A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube .	what does the man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it hold up ?	cube


17223	The lady spins with the disk and releases the disk .	the lady spins with the disk and releases what ?	disk
17223	The lady spins with the disk and releases the disk .	what does the lady release ?	disk


17279	They arrange discs onto some numbers .	they arrange what onto some numbers ?	discs
17279	They arrange discs onto some numbers .	what do they arrange onto some numbers ?	discs


17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	young men ride what and do skidding turns in a city plaza ?	skateboards
17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	what do young men ride ?	skateboards


17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	young men ride skateboards and do what in a city plaza ?	turns
17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	what do young men do in a city plaza ?	turns


17326	wmoan is sitting in a table and have a box and a a gift wrap on top and its showing how to wrap the gift and talking about it .	wmoan is sitting in a table and have what and a a gift wrap on top and its showing ?	box
17326	wmoan is sitting in a table and have a box and a a gift wrap on top and its showing how to wrap the gift and talking about it .	wmoan have what and a a gift wrap on top and its showing ?	box


17330	He grabs a towel and puts his hands in the air .	he grabs what and puts his hands in the air ?	towel
17330	He grabs a towel and puts his hands in the air .	what does he grab ?	towel


17333	When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it .	he removes what from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it ?	cup
17333	When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it .	what does he remove from the shaker ?	cup


17341	The bulls lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another .	the bulls lock what , and are aggressive toward one another ?	horns
17341	The bulls lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another .	what do the bulls lock ?	horns


17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	the woman grabs what and pours brown sugar into it ?	bowl
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	what does the woman grab ?	bowl


17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	the woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours what into it ?	sugar
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	what does the woman pour into it ?	sugar


17357	She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon .	she grabs what and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon ?	lemon
17357	She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon .	what does she grab ?	lemon


17363	Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs .	shes pours what into the pitcher and stirs ?	sugar
17363	Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs .	what does shes pour into the pitcher ?	sugar


17365	She places the ice into a glass and adds the lemonade .	she places the ice into a glass and adds what ?	lemonade
17365	She places the ice into a glass and adds the lemonade .	what does she add ?	lemonade


17367	A cowboy rides a horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area .	the cowboy rides what out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area ?	horse
17367	A cowboy rides a horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area .	what does the cowboy rid out of a corral ?	horse


NEW

17396	Next , the man puts the sub in the oven to be toasted and moves a tray of cookies to the other side of the counter .	where does next , the man put the sub to be toasted . ?	oven


17438	He then solves the rubix cube in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera .	he then solves what in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera ?	cube
17438	He then solves the rubix cube in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera .	what does he then solve in a matter of seconds ?	cube


17445	Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack .	then the man put what around the tree and gives form with a rack ?	mulch
17445	Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack .	what did then the man put around the tree ?	mulch


17460	The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it .	the boy dunks what into the basket and walks back to grab it ?	ball
17460	The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it .	what does the boy dunk into the basket ?	ball


17476	They get the large beach ball back and continue to hit it over the net to one another .	they get what back and continue to hit it over the net to one another ?	ball
17476	They get the large beach ball back and continue to hit it over the net to one another .	what do they get back ?	ball


17477	The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up .	the man in black shirt is walking and then raised what up ?	ball
17477	The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up .	the man in black shirt then raised what up ?	ball


17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	the man put what on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball ?	ball
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	what did the man put on his neck ?	ball


17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	the man put the ball on his neck and started and threw what ?	ball
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	the man started and threw what ?	ball


NEW

17495	dog is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking .	where is dog unning . ?	backyard


17513	The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man .	the dog grabs what and runs back to the man ?	frisbee
17513	The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man .	what does the dog grab ?	frisbee


17522	The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face .	the lady wipes what off and washes her face ?	makeup
17522	The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face .	what does the lady wipe off ?	makeup


17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	two girls spin what and a crowd of spectators watches on ?	ropes
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	what do two girls spin and a crowd of spectators watches on ?	ropes


17557	A girl in jeans enters the ropes and performs different jumping moves .	the girl in jeans enters what and performs different jumping moves ?	ropes
17557	A girl in jeans enters the ropes and performs different jumping moves .	what does the girl in jeans enter ?	ropes


17558	A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping .	the girl in a blue shirt enters what and performs different moves while jumping ?	ropes
17558	A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping .	what does the girl in a blue shirt enter ?	ropes


17579	The man knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment .	the man knocks what down and lays down in disappointment ?	pole
17579	The man knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment .	what does the man knock down ?	pole


17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	the man throws what and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera ?	ball
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	what does the man throw ?	ball


17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	the man throws the ball and hits what while running back and cheering to the camera ?	pins
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	what does the man hit while running back and cheering to the camera ?	pins


17620	He jumps down and ties up the calf .	he jumps down and ties up what ?	calf
17620	He jumps down and ties up the calf .	what does he tie up ?	calf


17646	man get ous the grass and runs into a street .	man get ous what and runs into a street ?	grass
17646	man get ous the grass and runs into a street .	what do man get ous ?	grass


17650	The man walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle .	the man walks up and sees how many people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle ?	two
17650	The man walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle .	how many people does the man see performing martial arts in the middle of a circle ?	two


17658	He turns away from the bushes and cuts weeds on the ground .	he turns away from the bushes and cuts what on the ground ?	weeds
17658	He turns away from the bushes and cuts weeds on the ground .	what does he cut on the ground ?	weeds


17660	woman grab some pasta and put them in boiled water .	woman grab what and put them in boiled water ?	pasta
17660	woman grab some pasta and put them in boiled water .	what do woman grab ?	pasta


17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	woman grab what and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it ?	spaghetti
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	what do woman grab ?	spaghetti


17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	woman grab how many spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it ?	one
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	how many spaghetti do woman grab ?	one


NEW

17662	throw the water in the sink and grate cheese in pasta and a little oegano and serve it in a white plate .	where do serve it . ?	plate


17665	Dog owner stand with and hold their dogs .	dog owner stand with and hold what ?	dogs
17665	Dog owner stand with and hold their dogs .	what do dog owner hold ?	dogs


17672	The person then sharpens the blade on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper .	the person then sharpens what on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper ?	blade
17672	The person then sharpens the blade on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper .	what does the person then sharpen on a coffee mug ?	blade


17677	He puts ice into the glass and pours drinks into it .	he puts ice into the glass and pours what into it ?	drinks
17677	He puts ice into the glass and pours drinks into it .	what does he pour into it ?	drinks


17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	the guy the tosses what and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse ?	rope
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	what does the guy the toss ?	rope


17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	the guy the tosses the rope and catch what around the neck ?	bull
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	what do the guy the catch around the neck ?	bull


17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	the guy then jumps off what , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together ?	horse
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	what does the guy then jump off ?	horse


17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	the guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie what together ?	legs
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	what do the guy then flip it on his back then tie together ?	legs


17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	the man then unscrews what and lifts the car with a jack ?	tire
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	what does the man then unscrew ?	tire


17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	the man then unscrews a tire and lifts what with a jack ?	car
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	what does the man then lift with a jack ?	car


17770	man is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field .	man is wearing what and is riding a motorbike in a field ?	clothes
17770	man is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field .	what is man wearing ?	clothes


17790	The man sharpens and then holds up a knife .	the man sharpens and then holds up what ?	knife
17790	The man sharpens and then holds up a knife .	what does the man hold up ?	knife


17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	players kick what and run the bases on a baseball field ?	ball
17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	what do players kick ?	ball


17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	players kick a ball and run what on a baseball field ?	bases
17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	what do players run on a baseball field ?	bases


17842	The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table .	the old man in black shirt threw what and landed on the table ?	ball
17842	The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table .	what did the old man in black shirt throw ?	ball


17876	An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam .	an asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls what away from the beam ?	springboard
17876	An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam .	what does an asian man pull away from the beam ?	springboard


17882	The female gymnast lands perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face Other gymnasts in the background watch and clap .	the female gymnast what perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face other gymnasts in the background watch and clap ?	lands
17882	The female gymnast lands perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face Other gymnasts in the background watch and clap .	what did the female gymnast perfectly ?	lands


17914	A person then scrubs the dishes and begins putting some of them into a bucket .	the person then scrubs what and begins putting some of them into a bucket ?	dishes
17914	A person then scrubs the dishes and begins putting some of them into a bucket .	what does the person then scrub ?	dishes


17918	Once fully charged , the man rinses the razors , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave .	, the man rinses what , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave ?	razors
17918	Once fully charged , the man rinses the razors , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave .	what does , the man rinse ?	razors


17968	He picks up his sticks and hits them together .	he picks up what and hits them together ?	sticks
17968	He picks up his sticks and hits them together .	what does he pick up ?	sticks


17971	He gets up and moves the camera to show a lever he moves and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over .	he gets up and moves what and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over ?	camera
17971	He gets up and moves the camera to show a lever he moves and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over .	what does he move and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over ?	camera


17980	After , the young man moves the rope with the right hand , then he moves it with both hands and also moves the rope on front .	, then he moves it with both hands and also moves what on front ?	rope
17980	After , the young man moves the rope with the right hand , then he moves it with both hands and also moves the rope on front .	, then he also moves what on front ?	rope


NEW

18071	He wakes up and looks in a mirror .	where does he look . ?	mirror


18073	The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man .	the man pulls what and points it at the other man ?	gun
18073	The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man .	what does the man pull ?	gun


18088	They bounce the ball back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it , hitting the ball with his nose .	they bounce what back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it , ?	ball
18088	They bounce the ball back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it , hitting the ball with his nose .	what do they bounce back ?	ball


18093	The boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end .	the boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots what off in the end ?	basket
18093	The boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end .	what does the boy shoot off in the end ?	basket


18103	She holds up the clothes and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help .	she holds up what and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help ?	clothes
18103	She holds up the clothes and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help .	what does she hold up ?	clothes


18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues , past what and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs ?	sidewalk
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues , past what and grass , and finally starts using three legs ?	sidewalk


18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using how many legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs ?	three
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using how many legs ?	three


18133	She fries nuts on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts .	she fries what on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts ?	nuts
18133	She fries nuts on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts .	what did she fry on a pan ?	nuts


18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	the woman is washing in a sink and shows what ?	bottle
18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	what does the woman show ?	bottle


NEW

18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	where is the woman washing . ?	sink


18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	after , the woman put what in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily ?	potatoes
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	what did after , the woman put in a bowl ?	potatoes


18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	after , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel what easily ?	potatoes
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	what do after , the woman peel easily ?	potatoes


NEW

18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	where did after , the woman put the potatoes . ?	bowl


18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	then he shreds what , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing ?	carrot
18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	what does then he shred ?	carrot


18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	then he shreds a carrot , and moves what into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing ?	salad
18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	what does then he move into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing ?	salad


18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	the man throws what and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse ?	rope
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	what does the man throw ?	rope


18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	the man throws the rope and catches what , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse ?	calf
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	what does the man catch ?	calf


18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	the man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties what up and returns back on top of the horse ?	cow
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	what does the man tie up ?	cow


NEW

18221	A man stands in a rustic living room and plays a bagpipe in his socks .	where does the man stand . ?	room


18274	He lowers the bar and starts pulling the rope in the other direction .	he lowers what and starts pulling the rope in the other direction ?	bar
18274	He lowers the bar and starts pulling the rope in the other direction .	what does he lower ?	bar


18292	The lady sits the camera on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair .	the lady sits what on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair ?	camera
18292	The lady sits the camera on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair .	what does the lady sit on the floor ?	camera


18293	The lady throws her hair back and picks up the phone .	the lady throws her hair back and picks up what ?	phone
18293	The lady throws her hair back and picks up the phone .	what does the lady pick up ?	phone


18307	Then he adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place .	then he adjusts what again and makes sure they are firmly in place ?	bars
18307	Then he adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place .	what does then he adjust again ?	bars


18328	The man puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth .	the man puts how many arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth ?	one
18328	The man puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth .	how many arm does the man put behind his back ?	one


18329	The man then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down .	the man then quickly drinks and puts what down ?	bottle
18329	The man then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down .	what does the man then quickly put down ?	bottle


18356	Then takes her hair down and runs lotion through her hair while still looking to the camera .	then takes her hair down and runs what through her hair while still looking to the camera ?	lotion
18356	Then takes her hair down and runs lotion through her hair while still looking to the camera .	what does then run through her hair while still looking to the camera ?	lotion


NEW

18369	A couple of lemons are seen sitting on a table with glasses and plates and leads into a person putting the lemons in a container .	where does the couple of lemons lead into a person putting the lemons . ?	container


18370	He mixes ingredients with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass .	he mixes what with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass ?	ingredients
18370	He mixes ingredients with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass .	what does he mix with the lemons ?	ingredients


18371	He finishes the lemonade and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip .	he finishes what and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip ?	lemonade
18371	He finishes the lemonade and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip .	what does he finish ?	lemonade


18376	The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt .	the toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash what ?	butt
18376	The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt .	what do the toddler wash ?	butt


18377	After , the toddler , grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog .	after , the toddler , grab a brush and scrub and wash what ?	dog
18377	After , the toddler , grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog .	what do after , the toddler , wash ?	dog


18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	we see what and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide ?	screen
18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	what do we see ?	screen


18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	we see another title screen and watch what down slide and across their slip and slide ?	slide
18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	what do we watch down slide and across their slip and slide ?	slide


18473	A player hit the ball and then ran after it , behind him are other players .	the player hit what and then ran after it , behind him are other players ?	ball
18473	A player hit the ball and then ran after it , behind him are other players .	what did the player hit , behind him are other players ?	ball


18478	She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon .	she puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses what ?	spoon
18478	She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon .	what does she rinse ?	spoon


NEW

18478	She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon .	where does she put the rest of the ice cream . ?	freezer


NEW

18503	Various ingredients are laid out on a counter and are all mixed together in a bowl .	where are various ingredients all mixed together . ?	bowl


18539	After she 's done , she gets off the uneven bars and walks off as she gives a high five to her coach .	, she gets off what and walks off ?	bars
18539	After she 's done , she gets off the uneven bars and walks off as she gives a high five to her coach .	what does , she get off ?	bars


18555	A man mounts a pommel horse and starts spinning .	the man mounts what and starts spinning ?	horse
18555	A man mounts a pommel horse and starts spinning .	what does the man mount ?	horse


18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	the man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays what as cars pass ?	bagpipes
18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	what does the man play as cars pass ?	bagpipes


18567	The group hit each other 's paddle like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river .	the group hit what like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river ?	paddle
18567	The group hit each other 's paddle like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river .	what did the group hit like a high five ?	paddle


18640	A fellow team member also hits the ball and sends it across the net .	the fellow team member also hits what and sends it across the net ?	ball
18640	A fellow team member also hits the ball and sends it across the net .	what does the fellow team member also hit ?	ball


18641	The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again .	the man then runs what over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again ?	device
18641	The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again .	the man then runs what over the sky that looks like an iron ?	device


18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	the man then removes what and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	tape
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	what does the man then remove ?	tape


18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	the man then removes the tape and turns what onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	ski
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	what does the man then turn onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	ski


18643	When he 's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine .	he grabs what and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine ?	ski
18643	When he 's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine .	what does he grab ?	ski


18646	The man loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees .	the man loses what and comes down the wall on his knees ?	skateboard
18646	The man loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees .	what does the man lose ?	skateboard


18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	after awhile , she grabs what and leaves them on the cutting board ?	strawberries
18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	what does after awhile , she grab ?	strawberries


18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	after awhile , she grabs how many strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes ?	six
18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	how many strawberries does after awhile , she grab ?	six


18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	the man mixed what and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it ?	paint
18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	the man mixed what , then he clean up the floor and brush it ?	paint


18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	two men quickly dismantle what ?	chimney
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	what do two men quickly dismantle ?	chimney


18712	The person chops the fruit again and cuts off the chopped bit .	the person chops what again and cuts off the chopped bit ?	fruit
18712	The person chops the fruit again and cuts off the chopped bit .	what did the person chop again ?	fruit


18725	She picks up some furniture polish , and applies it to the wood , polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand .	she picks up what , and applies it to the wood , polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand ?	polish
18725	She picks up some furniture polish , and applies it to the wood , polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand .	what does she pick up ?	polish


18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	he picks up what and walks up the sidewalk ?	bucket
18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	what does he pick up ?	bucket


18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	he picks up the paint bucket and walks up what ?	sidewalk
18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	what does he walk up ?	sidewalk


18782	The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion .	the man misses what and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion ?	pinata
18782	The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion .	what does the man miss ?	pinata


18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	after , the man puts aside what , and cooks an omelette in the pan ?	vegetables
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	what does after , the man put aside ?	vegetables


18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	after , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks what in the pan ?	omelette
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	what did after , the man cook in the pan ?	omelette


NEW

18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	where did after , the man cook an omelette . ?	pan


18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	he finishes what and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer ?	cube
18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	what does he finish ?	cube


18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	he finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops what ?	timer
18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	he sets it on the desk and quickly stops what ?	timer


18833	He grabs the cube again and begins to complete it .	he grabs what again and begins to complete it ?	cube
18833	He grabs the cube again and begins to complete it .	what does he grab again ?	cube


18843	He streaks the window with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly .	he streaks what with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly ?	window
18843	He streaks the window with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly .	what does he streak with cleaner ?	window


18860	The guy spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground .	the guy spins what attached to a rope and falls to the ground ?	ball
18860	The guy spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground .	what does the guy spin attached to a rope ?	ball


18887	A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center .	the blue team player takes his turn and curls what into the center ?	stone
18887	A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center .	what does the blue team player curl into the center ?	stone


18891	The person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches a fish .	the person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches what ?	fish
18891	The person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches a fish .	the person finally catches what ?	fish


18892	The man cuts the fish , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away .	the man cuts what , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away ?	fish
18892	The man cuts the fish , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away .	what does the man cut ?	fish


18922	The people continue playing with one another and throw the ball around .	the people continue and throw what around ?	ball
18922	The people continue playing with one another and throw the ball around .	what do the people throw around ?	ball


18944	They look at each other , remove their mouth pieces , then kiss .	they look at each other , remove what , then kiss ?	pieces
18944	They look at each other , remove their mouth pieces , then kiss .	what do they remove , then ?	pieces


19009	The woman bows and walks off the mat .	the woman bows and walks off what ?	mat
19009	The woman bows and walks off the mat .	what does the woman walk off ?	mat


19013	He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises .	he then wears what and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises ?	sweatshirt
19013	He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises .	what does he then wear ?	sweatshirt


19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	the man grabs what lid and covers the pot ?	pot
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	what does the man grab lid ?	pot


19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	the man grabs the pot 's lid and covers what ?	pot
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	what does the man cover ?	pot


19064	Back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves .	back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes what ?	leaves
19064	Back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves .	what does back at the table , the man remove ?	leaves


19070	The man grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes .	the man grabs what and throws it onto the potatoes ?	pepper
19070	The man grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes .	what does the man grab ?	pepper


NEW

19078	They remove the tire while another man takes pictures .	what do they remove ?	tire


19080	A woman carry a heavy ball and stands on a circle .	the woman carry what and stands on a circle ?	ball
19080	A woman carry a heavy ball and stands on a circle .	what do the woman carry ?	ball


19105	After they 're done , they stop and raise remove the platforms .	, they stop and raise remove what ?	platforms
19105	After they 're done , they stop and raise remove the platforms .	what do , they raise remove ?	platforms


19111	As he walks in , he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera .	, he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up what ?	camera
19111	As he walks in , he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera .	what does , he set up ?	camera


19116	She grabs a baton and starts twirling it around .	she grabs what and starts twirling it around ?	baton
19116	She grabs a baton and starts twirling it around .	what does she grab ?	baton


19126	A man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole .	the man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls what out of a fishing hole ?	fish
19126	A man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole .	what does the man pull out of a fishing hole ?	fish


19127	A woman and a man then run on the ice and pull another fish out of another hole in the lake .	the woman and a man then run on the ice and pull what out of another hole in the lake ?	fish
19127	A woman and a man then run on the ice and pull another fish out of another hole in the lake .	what do the woman and a man then pull out of another hole in the lake ?	fish


19177	He kicks and punches the bag and ends by walking towards the camera .	he kicks and punches what and ends by walking towards the camera ?	bag
19177	He kicks and punches the bag and ends by walking towards the camera .	what does he kick and punches ?	bag


19180	A man standing in a yard and playing bagpipes .	the man standing in a yard and playing what ?	bagpipes
19180	A man standing in a yard and playing bagpipes .	what is the man playing ?	bagpipes


19183	One of the individuals recovers the ball and serves .	one of the individuals recovers what and serves ?	ball
19183	One of the individuals recovers the ball and serves .	what does one of the individuals recover ?	ball


19184	The same individual recovers the ball and serves again .	the same individual recovers what and serves again ?	ball
19184	The same individual recovers the ball and serves again .	what does the same individual recover ?	ball


19191	She holds up the ingredients and instructs what you 'll need to make a sandwich .	she holds up what and instructs what you 'll need to make a sandwich ?	ingredients
19191	She holds up the ingredients and instructs what you 'll need to make a sandwich .	what does she hold up ?	ingredients


19193	She spreads around the dressing and puts the other ingredients on the sandwich to finish .	she spreads around the dressing and puts what on the sandwich to finish ?	ingredients
19193	She spreads around the dressing and puts the other ingredients on the sandwich to finish .	what does she put on the sandwich to finish ?	ingredients


19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	someone stirs what and puts cookies on a sheet ?	dough
19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	what does someone stir ?	dough


19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	someone stirs cookie dough and puts what on a sheet ?	cookies
19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	what does someone put on a sheet ?	cookies


19199	The person washes , and drys the silicone baking sheet .	the person washes , and drys what ?	sheet
19199	The person washes , and drys the silicone baking sheet .	what does the person dry ?	sheet


19200	They roll the baking sheet up and show us the finished cooling cookies .	they roll what up and show us the finished cooling cookies ?	sheet
19200	They roll the baking sheet up and show us the finished cooling cookies .	what do they roll up ?	sheet


19225	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking .	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut what while talking ?	pumpkin
19225	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking .	what did girl cut while talking ?	pumpkin


19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	the cat touch what with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it ?	sink
19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	what do the cat touch with his mouth but the woman prevents it ?	sink


19240	After , the cat touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes .	after , what touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes ?	cat
19240	After , the cat touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes .	what do after , touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes ?	cat


19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	the guy gets what from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink ?	basin
19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	what does the guy get from beneath the sink ?	basin


19246	The guy puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin .	the guy puts down the light cloth and adds what to the basin ?	soap
19246	The guy puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin .	what does the guy add to the basin ?	soap


19247	The guy gets a rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top .	the guy gets what from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top ?	rack
19247	The guy gets a rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top .	what does the guy get from beneath the sink ?	rack


19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	the guy rinses what and puts them in a rack ?	dishes
19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	what does the guy rinse ?	dishes


NEW

19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	where does the guy put them . ?	rack


19254	The person then spins the surface around on a spinning table and paints the sides .	the person then spins what around on a spinning table and paints the sides ?	surface
19254	The person then spins the surface around on a spinning table and paints the sides .	what does the person then spin around on a spinning table ?	surface


19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	the dog runs off what and brings back the frisbees ?	screen
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	what does the dog run off ?	screen


19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	the dog runs off screen and brings back what ?	frisbees
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	what does the dog bring back ?	frisbees


19301	She then pumps soap off and scrubs her hands .	she then pumps what off and scrubs her hands ?	soap
19301	She then pumps soap off and scrubs her hands .	she then pumps what off ?	soap


19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	the same lady is now wearing what and is throwing the frisbee to the dog ?	shirt
19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	what is the same lady now wearing ?	shirt


19343	The man gets out and grabs flat tire supplies .	the man gets out and grabs what ?	supplies
19343	The man gets out and grabs flat tire supplies .	what does the man grab ?	supplies


NEW

19344	The man sits in the car and thinks about how to change a tire .	where does the man sit . ?	car


19345	The guy loosens bolts , jacks the car up and takes off the flat .	the guy loosens bolts , jacks what up and takes off the flat ?	car
19345	The guy loosens bolts , jacks the car up and takes off the flat .	what does the guy jack up ?	car


19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	the man puts what in the car and gets in the car ?	tire
19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	what does the man put in the car ?	tire


NEW

19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	where does the man put the spare tire . ?	car


19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	the man wears welding what and holds a rod ?	helmet
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	what does the man wear welding ?	helmet


19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	the man wears a welding helmet and holds what ?	rod
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	what does the man hold ?	rod


NEW

19381	More men appear in the room and are seen chasing around a tennis ball and hitting it .	where do more men appear . ?	room


19388	A group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws snowballs .	the group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws what ?	snowballs
19388	A group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws snowballs .	what does the group throw ?	snowballs


19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	the players hold what and throw each other to hit and opponent ?	balls
19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	what do the players hold ?	balls


19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	the players hold how many balls and throw each other to hit and opponent ?	two
19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	how many balls do the players hold ?	two


19465	He removes his gloves and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly .	he removes what and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly ?	gloves
19465	He removes his gloves and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly .	what does he remove ?	gloves


19472	She flips over the shirt to continue ironing and looks off into the distance .	she flips over what and looks off into the distance ?	shirt
19472	She flips over the shirt to continue ironing and looks off into the distance .	what does she flip over ?	shirt


19499	Ashley comes out getting dressed in her motor cross gear and slowly walks her bike out .	ashley comes out and slowly walks what out ?	bicycle
19499	Ashley comes out getting dressed in her motor cross gear and slowly walks her bike out .	ashley slowly walks what out ?	bicycle


19517	People sit around a track and leads into small children performing several long jumps .	people sit around what and leads into small children performing several long jumps ?	track
19517	People sit around a track and leads into small children performing several long jumps .	what do people sit around ?	track


19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	after , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs what with a sponge ?	sinks
19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	what does after , the person scrub with a sponge ?	sinks


NEW

19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	where does after , the person pour a little bit of blue liquid . ?	sink


19533	The man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf .	the man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up what ?	calf
19533	The man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf .	the man runs over and ties up what ?	calf


NEW

19673	A man is laying in bed and looks at his phone .	where is the man laying . ?	bed


19676	He stands up and runs out the door .	he stands up and runs out what ?	door
19676	He stands up and runs out the door .	what does he run out ?	door


19685	She goes forward on the diving board and does a backward dive into the pool from several feet .	she goes forward on the diving board and does what into the pool from several feet ?	dive
19685	She goes forward on the diving board and does a backward dive into the pool from several feet .	what does she do into the pool from several feet ?	dive


19696	The man opens the doors on his car and gets in .	the man opens what on his car and gets in ?	doors
19696	The man opens the doors on his car and gets in .	what does the man open on his car ?	doors


NEW

19726	The lady looks in the mirror and is smiling but you can tell she 's not happy .	where does the lady look but you can tell she 's not happy . ?	mirror


19737	Then , the person pours water and adds sugar in a pot to make syrup .	then , the person pours water and adds what in a pot to make syrup ?	sugar
19737	Then , the person pours water and adds sugar in a pot to make syrup .	what does then , the person add in a pot to make syrup ?	sugar


19808	They are having a really hard time and eventually they all spit out and one girl wins .	they all spit out and how many girl wins ?	one
19808	They are having a really hard time and eventually they all spit out and one girl wins .	how many girl do they all spit out and wins ?	one


19844	They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge .	they dip what in paint and paint it put it on a sponge ?	brush
19844	They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge .	what do they dip in paint ?	brush


NEW

19844	They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge .	where do they dip a paint brush . ?	paint


19845	They put that on their nail and put a top coat on .	they put that on their nail and put what on ?	coat
19845	They put that on their nail and put a top coat on .	what do they put on ?	coat


NEW

19849	woman is walking in a sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house .	where does woman enter . ?	house


19909	The men throw the ball around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass .	the men throw what around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass ?	ball
19909	The men throw the ball around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass .	what do the men throw around the yard ?	ball


19939	The competitors walk back up to the stage and replace their robots .	the competitors walk back up to the stage and replace what ?	robots
19939	The competitors walk back up to the stage and replace their robots .	what do the competitors replace ?	robots


19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	the person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan what ?	cat
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	what do the person in a black t-shirt clips tan ?	cat


19956	He picks up a trimming saw and starts the engine .	he picks up a trimming saw and starts what ?	engine
19956	He picks up a trimming saw and starts the engine .	what does he start ?	engine


19957	He climbs the ladder and begins trimming the tree .	he climbs what and begins trimming the tree ?	ladder
19957	He climbs the ladder and begins trimming the tree .	what does he climb ?	ladder


19960	She plays two different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time , smiling at the camera .	she plays how many different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time , smiling at the camera ?	two
19960	She plays two different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time , smiling at the camera .	how many different melodies does she play on the violin ?	two


19975	Next , a young man approaches the bars , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview .	next , the young man approaches what , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview ?	bars
19975	Next , a young man approaches the bars , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview .	what does next , the young man approach ?	bars


19994	A man picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums .	the man picks up what and turns it upside down on the drums ?	chair
19994	A man picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums .	what does the man pick up ?	chair


19996	One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch him .	one of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while how many body builders watch him ?	two
19996	One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch him .	one of the body builders then drops it down while how many body builders watch him ?	two


19997	Then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts what again and drops it ?	bar
19997	Then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	then he wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts what again and drops it ?	bar


19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears what and lifts the weight bar again and drops it ?	belt
19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears what and lifts the weight bar again ?	belt


19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears an abdominal belt and lifts what again and drops it ?	bar
19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears an abdominal belt and lifts what again ?	bar


20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	the man lays out what and puts some accessories in the middle of it ?	scarf
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	what does the man lay out ?	scarf


20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	the man lays out a scarf and puts what in the middle of it ?	accessories
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	what does the man put in the middle of it ?	accessories


20043	He adjusts a ladder and leans it up against the structure , walks back to look , and adjusts it a couple more times .	he adjusts what and leans it up against the structure , walks back to look , and adjusts it a couple more times ?	ladder
20043	He adjusts a ladder and leans it up against the structure , walks back to look , and adjusts it a couple more times .	what does he adjust ?	ladder


20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	, he tightens what , and grabs a second ladder ?	strap
20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	what does , he tighten ?	strap


20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	, he tightens a strap , and grabs what ?	ladder
20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	what does , he grab ?	ladder


20052	He puts an earring through the piercing and makes sure it 's in place .	he puts what through the piercing and makes sure it 's in place ?	earring
20052	He puts an earring through the piercing and makes sure it 's in place .	what does he put through the piercing ?	earring


NEW

20090	A chef in a white chef 's uniform stands in an empty commercial kitchen and demonstrates how to make an omelette .	where does the chef in a white chef 's uniform stand . ?	kitchen


20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	the chef then fold what in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again ?	egg
20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	what do the chef then fold in half in the skillet ?	egg


20121	Another man falls off his bike and is almost run over .	another man falls off what and is almost run over ?	bicycle
20121	Another man falls off his bike and is almost run over .	what does another man fall off ?	bicycle


20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	the person puts what onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth ?	toothpaste
20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	what does the person put onto a brush ?	toothpaste


20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	the person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes what teeth back and fourth ?	dog
20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	what does the person brush teeth back and fourth ?	dog


20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	the man picks up what , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire ?	cloth
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	what does the man pick up ?	cloth


20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	the man picks up the black cloth , drops what on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire ?	rug
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	what does the man drop on the sidewalk ?	rug


20209	They tie the ribbon onto a wrapped package .	they tie what onto a wrapped package ?	ribbon
20209	They tie the ribbon onto a wrapped package .	what do they tie onto a wrapped package ?	ribbon


20223	She then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks the juice .	she then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks what ?	juice
20223	She then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks the juice .	what does she then drink ?	juice


NEW

20259	A child stands in the tire and jumps for joy .	where does the child stand . ?	tire


20260	An adult gets up and pulls both tires .	an adult gets up and pulls what ?	tires
20260	An adult gets up and pulls both tires .	what does an adult pull ?	tires


NEW

20279	The lady stand up and looks at herself in the mirror .	where does the lady look . ?	mirror


20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	the lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives how many thumbs up ?	two
20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	how many thumbs does the lady give up ?	two


NEW

20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	where does the lady look . ?	mirror


20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	the camera captures what in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	net
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	what does the camera capture in front of the sky ?	net


20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	the camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows how many people preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	two
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	how many people does the camera show preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	two


20286	The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around .	the camera man jumps off what and shows his feet while spinning around ?	ledge
20286	The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around .	what does the camera man jump off ?	ledge


20309	Another man who is slightly shorter and larger approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person .	another man approaches what and does the same thing followed by another person ?	circle
20309	Another man who is slightly shorter and larger approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person .	what does another man approach ?	circle


20365	The group prepares its equipment and then looks at its yurt .	the group prepares what and then looks at its yurt ?	equipment
20365	The group prepares its equipment and then looks at its yurt .	what does the group prepare ?	equipment


20377	He holds up a coffee cup and turns towards the camera .	he holds up what and turns towards the camera ?	cup
20377	He holds up a coffee cup and turns towards the camera .	what does he hold up ?	cup


20380	A young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves the ball and runs towards the group .	the young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves what and runs towards the group ?	ball
20380	A young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves the ball and runs towards the group .	what does the young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieve ?	ball


20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	then he puts what on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin ?	stencil
20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	what does then he put on the pumpkin ?	stencil


20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves what into the pumpkin ?	dog
20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	what does then he carve into the pumpkin ?	dog


20387	She folds the napkin and continues to press it some more .	she folds what and continues to press it some more ?	napkin
20387	She folds the napkin and continues to press it some more .	what does she fold ?	napkin


20411	He solves the cube , and shakes hands with the other boys .	he solves what , and shakes hands with the other boys ?	cube
20411	He solves the cube , and shakes hands with the other boys .	what does he solve ?	cube


20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man is holding what and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	bag
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	what is man holding ?	bag


20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man is holding a bag and holds what , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	pan
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man holds what , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	pan


20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab and bend what ?	omelette
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man holds the pan , grab and bend what ?	omelette


20422	A group of people are seen standing around bow and arrows then the camera camera down a long line of people shooting bows .	the group of people are seen and arrows then what down a long line of people shooting bows ?	camera
20422	A group of people are seen standing around bow and arrows then the camera camera down a long line of people shooting bows .	what does the group of people arrows then down a long line of people shooting bows ?	camera


NEW

20441	Thrown it in the container .	where do thrown it . ?	container


20483	A man uses the croquette bat to hit a ball , then places it back to the ground .	the man uses what , then places it back to the ground ?	bat
20483	A man uses the croquette bat to hit a ball , then places it back to the ground .	what does the man use ?	bat


20495	He bounces it off of trampoline and knocks pins down .	he bounces it off of trampoline and knocks what down ?	pins
20495	He bounces it off of trampoline and knocks pins down .	what does he knock down ?	pins


20498	A man catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins .	the man catches what and throws it to pins ?	ball
20498	A man catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins .	what does the man catch ?	ball


20499	A man bounces it off a car and hits pins .	the man bounces it off a car and hits what ?	pins
20499	A man bounces it off a car and hits pins .	what does the man hit ?	pins


20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	the man standing on top of a building throws what down and hits pins ?	ball
20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	what does the man standing on top of a building throw down ?	ball


20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	the man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits what ?	pins
20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	what does the man standing on top of a building hit ?	pins


20514	He picks up a torch , and begins welding .	he picks up what , and begins welding ?	torch
20514	He picks up a torch , and begins welding .	what does he pick up ?	torch


20535	She gets off the bars and is congratulated by her coach .	she gets off what and is congratulated by her coach ?	bars
20535	She gets off the bars and is congratulated by her coach .	what does she get off ?	bars


20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	he rotates what and then uses the allen key to adjust the screws ?	tire
20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	what does he rotate ?	tire


20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	he rotates the bike tire and then uses what ?	key
20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	he then uses what ?	key


20578	The girl begins her baton routine and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body .	the girl begins what and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body ?	routine
20578	The girl begins her baton routine and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body .	the girl begins what and starts her routine ?	routine


20580	The girl drops her baton , picks it up and then continues on with her routine .	the girl drops what , picks it up and then continues on with her routine ?	baton
20580	The girl drops her baton , picks it up and then continues on with her routine .	what does the girl drop ?	baton


20589	The woman reaches down and lifts a bar .	the woman reaches down and lifts what ?	bar
20589	The woman reaches down and lifts a bar .	what does the woman lift ?	bar


20593	She brings the bar back over her head and drops it down to the ground .	she brings what back over her head and drops it down to the ground ?	bar
20593	She brings the bar back over her head and drops it down to the ground .	what does she bring back over her head ?	bar


20612	He continuously plays the drum while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster .	he continuously plays what while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster ?	drum
20612	He continuously plays the drum while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster .	he continuously plays what while closing his eyes in concentration ?	drum


20615	He then sharpens the knife on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works .	he then sharpens what on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works ?	knife
20615	He then sharpens the knife on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works .	what does he then sharpen on the machine next to the vegetable ?	knife


20637	Then , she puts mascara to her eyelashes , and paint the the lower lid .	then , she puts what to her eyelashes , and paint the the lower lid ?	mascara
20637	Then , she puts mascara to her eyelashes , and paint the the lower lid .	what does then , she put to her eyelashes ?	mascara


20638	After , she brush her cheek and put lipstick on the lips .	after , she brush her cheek and put what on the lips ?	lipstick
20638	After , she brush her cheek and put lipstick on the lips .	what do after , she put on the lips ?	lipstick


20696	He adds ice to the glass and pours alcohol in .	he adds ice to the glass and pours what in ?	alcohol
20696	He adds ice to the glass and pours alcohol in .	what does he pour in ?	alcohol


20697	He shakes the drink and pours it into a tall glass .	he shakes what and pours it into a tall glass ?	drink
20697	He shakes the drink and pours it into a tall glass .	what does he shake ?	drink


20703	Then , the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles .	then , the man put what in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles ?	rod
20703	Then , the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles .	what did then , the man put in a hole ?	rod


20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	the man ropes what and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse ?	calf
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	what does the man rope ?	calf


20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	the man ropes the calf and jumps off what then walks back to the horse ?	horse
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	what does the man jump off ?	horse


20714	A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor .	the woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums what ?	floor
20714	A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor .	what does the woman vacuum ?	floor


20727	The man finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling .	the man finishes and lowers what ?	tool
20727	The man finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling .	what does the man lower ?	tool


20778	The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor .	the three continue and leaves what ?	floor
20778	The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor .	what does the three leave ?	floor


20782	A hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it .	the hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours what into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it ?	cubes
20782	A hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it .	what does the hand then pour into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it ?	cubes


20798	A person picks up a paint brush and can of varnish on an outside lawn .	the person picks up what and can of varnish on an outside lawn ?	brush
20798	A person picks up a paint brush and can of varnish on an outside lawn .	what does the person pick up ?	brush


20804	They crack a nut and put that into the bowl .	they crack what and put that into the bowl ?	nut
20804	They crack a nut and put that into the bowl .	what do they crack ?	nut


NEW

20806	woman is kneeling down in the floor talking to the camera holding a bend slide and opens it in the living room .	where is woman kneeling down talking to the camera holding a bend slide . ?	floor


20877	The man gets up and grabs the camera .	the man gets up and grabs what ?	camera
20877	The man gets up and grabs the camera .	what does the man grab ?	camera


20899	The child then grabs a spoon and continues to use his hands to eat .	the child then grabs what and continues to use his hands to eat ?	spoon
20899	The child then grabs a spoon and continues to use his hands to eat .	what does the child then grab ?	spoon


20902	She dries off the mask and continues speaking while smiling to the camera .	she dries off what and continues speaking while smiling to the camera ?	mask
20902	She dries off the mask and continues speaking while smiling to the camera .	what does she dry off ?	mask


20989	Eventually , a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line .	eventually , the man grabs what and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line ?	chair
20989	Eventually , a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line .	what does eventually , the man grab ?	chair


21072	He creates an omelette , then plates it .	he creates what , then plates it ?	omelette
21072	He creates an omelette , then plates it .	what does he create ?	omelette


21090	A boy puts together a rubix cube and excitedly drops it .	the boy puts together what and excitedly drops it ?	cube
21090	A boy puts together a rubix cube and excitedly drops it .	what does the boy put together ?	cube


21108	The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit .	the man then walks around and blows what off still ?	leaves
21108	The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit .	what does the man blow off still ?	leaves


21122	They pick the ball up and continue competing .	they pick what up and continue competing ?	ball
21122	They pick the ball up and continue competing .	what do they pick up ?	ball


21174	Cuban Yarelis Barrios is next and unleashes a mighty 67 meter toss with a thunderous scream .	cuban yarelis barrios is next and unleashes how many meter toss with a thunderous scream ?	67
21174	Cuban Yarelis Barrios is next and unleashes a mighty 67 meter toss with a thunderous scream .	how many meter does cuban yarelis barrios unleash toss with a thunderous scream ?	67


21178	The man grabs a flag and walks around the arena .	the man grabs what and walks around the arena ?	flag
21178	The man grabs a flag and walks around the arena .	what does the man grab ?	flag


21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	the man wearing what and playing the drums ?	costume
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	what is the man wearing ?	costume


21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	the man wearing a mickey costume and playing what ?	drums
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	what is the man playing ?	drums


21183	woman holds a lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar .	woman holds what and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar ?	lemon
21183	woman holds a lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar .	what does woman hold ?	lemon


21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	woman holds what and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	knife
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	what does woman hold ?	knife


21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	woman holds a knife and chop what in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	lemons
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	woman chop what in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	lemons


21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	the man throws what onto a calf and jumps off the horse ?	rope
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	what does the man throw onto a calf ?	rope


21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	the man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off what ?	horse
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	what does the man jump off ?	horse


21210	He ties up the calf and ends by running back to the horse .	he ties up what and ends by running back to the horse ?	calf
21210	He ties up the calf and ends by running back to the horse .	what does he tie up ?	calf


21212	Men come to the middle of the field and stand around a small rectangle and begin hitting the ball extremely far .	men come to the middle of the field and stand around what and begin hitting the ball extremely far ?	rectangle
21212	Men come to the middle of the field and stand around a small rectangle and begin hitting the ball extremely far .	what do men stand around ?	rectangle


21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	the couple does one last spin and eventually takes what ?	bow
21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	the couple eventually takes what ?	bow


21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	the couple does how many last spin and eventually takes a bow ?	one
21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	how many last spin does the couple do ?	one


NEW

21271	A man is standing in the gym alone and begins talking to the camera .	where is the man standing . ?	gym


NEW

21275	A small group of people are seen sitting in bumper car and begin driving around crashing into one another .	where are the small group of people seen sitting . ?	car


21293	A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it .	the shop attendant holds up what and shows how to grip it ?	hoop
21293	A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it .	what does the shop attendant hold up ?	hoop


21294	The woman drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground .	the woman drops what and lets it spin around her body to the ground ?	hoop
21294	The woman drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground .	what does the woman drop ?	hoop


21295	The woman drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it .	the woman drops what and lets it spin around her body then catches it ?	hoop
21295	The woman drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it .	what does the woman drop ?	hoop


21306	The man then finishes sweeping , lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window .	the man then finishes sweeping , lleans what in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window ?	broom
21306	The man then finishes sweeping , lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window .	what does the man lleans in the corner of the room ?	broom


21307	A young child is seen standing ready holding a pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole .	the young child is seen and then runs down a long track and throws what ?	pole
21307	A young child is seen standing ready holding a pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole .	the young child then runs down a long track and throws what ?	pole


21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	she gets what and walks the dog ?	leash
21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	what does she get ?	leash


21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	she gets the leash and walks what ?	dog
21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	what does she walk ?	dog


21323	A woman plays the drums and sings on stage .	the woman plays what and sings on stage ?	drums
21323	A woman plays the drums and sings on stage .	what does the woman play ?	drums


21338	The lady drains the water , adds sauce , and adds some of the cook water .	the lady drains the water , adds what , and adds some of the cook water ?	sauce
21338	The lady drains the water , adds sauce , and adds some of the cook water .	what does the lady add ?	sauce


21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils what and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients ?	milk
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils what and adds fresh vanilla ?	milk


21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils milk and adds what and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients ?	vanilla
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils milk and adds what ?	vanilla


21343	The man cooks the custard and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream .	the man cooks what and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream ?	custard
21343	The man cooks the custard and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream .	what does the man cook ?	custard


21354	We enter a room and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board .	we enter what and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board ?	room
21354	We enter a room and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board .	what do we enter ?	room


21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	the little boy irons what and sits the iron on the board next to it ?	shirt
21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	what does the little boy iron ?	shirt


21358	The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron .	the boy shows how many fingers and walks around the room with the iron ?	two
21358	The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron .	how many fingers does the boy show ?	two


21363	The man turns the camera on himself and continues to talk .	the man turns what on himself and continues to talk ?	camera
21363	The man turns the camera on himself and continues to talk .	what does the man turn on himself ?	camera


21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	for the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit how many balls at the same time in different directions ?	three
21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	how many balls does for the 22nd shot , a man begin to hit at the same time in different directions ?	three


NEW

21383	Next , the woman rewinds the wire of the canister and drops the trash in the trash can .	where does next , the woman drop the trash . ?	can


21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	then switches off welding what and puts the equipment away ?	torch
21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	what does then switch off welding ?	torch


21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	then switches off the welding torch and puts what away ?	equipment
21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	what does then put away ?	equipment


NEW

21432	They take the gloves off and set them in the sink .	where did they set them . ?	sink


21434	The man puts on his shoes and ties the laces .	the man puts on his shoes and ties what ?	laces
21434	The man puts on his shoes and ties the laces .	what does the man tie ?	laces


NEW

21440	He scrubs in the shampoo and then washes it off .	where does he scrub . ?	shampoo


21497	She then makes the dough into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet .	she then makes what into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet ?	dough
21497	She then makes the dough into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet .	what does she then make into balls ?	dough


21500	The man then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot .	the man then puts roller what over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot ?	blade
21500	The man then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot .	what does the man then put roller over his prosthetic ?	blade


21529	The woman places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	the woman places what into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	bowl
21529	The woman places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	what does the woman place into a dish washer ?	bowl


21532	The woman places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	the woman places what into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	plate
21532	The woman places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	what does the woman place into a dish washer ?	plate


21535	The woman places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	the woman places what into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	cups
21535	The woman places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	what does the woman place into a dish washer ?	cups


21544	The woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim .	the woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours what in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim ?	lemonade
21544	The woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim .	the woman then pours what in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim ?	lemonade


21549	A man fills a pot with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking .	the man fills what with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking ?	pot
21549	A man fills a pot with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking .	what does the man fill with water ?	pot


21551	After , the man taste the spaghetti and drain it .	after , the man taste what and drain it ?	spaghetti
21551	After , the man taste the spaghetti and drain it .	what do after , the man taste ?	spaghetti


21561	He takes two slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster .	he takes how many slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster ?	two
21561	He takes two slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster .	how many slices does he take of sandwich bread ?	two


21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	the guy raises what above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball ?	ball
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	what does the guy raise above his head ?	ball


21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	the guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases what ?	ball
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	what does the guy release ?	ball


21582	A man runs out on a professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter .	the man runs out on a professional stadium and throws what at a batter ?	ball
21582	A man runs out on a professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter .	what does the man throw at a batter ?	ball


21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	the woman then grabs what and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots ?	rag
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	what does the woman then grab ?	rag


21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	the woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing what ?	boots
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	the woman then puts olive oil on it and begins polishing what ?	boots


21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	the man finishes up what and leaves his hat on top of the skis ?	skis
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	what does the man finish up ?	skis


21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	the man finishes up the skis and leaves what on top of the skis ?	hat
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	what does the man leave on top of the skis ?	hat


21647	Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror .	elmo pulls out what and begins dancing while bruno mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror ?	toothbrush
21647	Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror .	what does elmo pull out ?	toothbrush


21659	After some time has passed , the man grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski .	, the man grabs what and rubs it all over the ski ?	product
21659	After some time has passed , the man grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski .	what does , the man grab ?	product


21667	A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes .	the man sets what beside a sink and begins to wash dishes ?	candle
21667	A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes .	what does the man set beside a sink ?	candle


21691	A woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting her contact lenses .	the woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting contact what ?	lenses
21691	A woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting her contact lenses .	what is the woman inserting contact ?	lenses


21696	After , the cheerleaders jump , flip and does cartwheels .	, flip and does what ?	cartwheels
21696	After , the cheerleaders jump , flip and does cartwheels .	what does , do ?	cartwheels


21716	They use the paddle to try to control the boat , but get splashed by the very brown water .	they use what , but get splashed by the very brown water ?	paddle
21716	They use the paddle to try to control the boat , but get splashed by the very brown water .	what do they use ?	paddle


21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	she fills what with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs ?	bowl
21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	what does she fill with butter , flour and sugar ?	bowl


21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	she fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds what ?	eggs
21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	what does she add ?	eggs


21800	Once he is finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car .	, he puts what in the back of his seat and gets in the car ?	tool
21800	Once he is finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car .	what does , he put in the back of his seat ?	tool


21809	The little boy serves and returns the ball well .	the little boy serves and returns what well ?	ball
21809	The little boy serves and returns the ball well .	what does the little boy return well ?	ball


21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	the young rider jumps what and clutches the handlebars with his feet ?	ramp
21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	what does the young rider jump ?	ramp


21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	the young rider jumps a ramp and clutches what with his feet ?	handlebars
21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	what does the young rider clutch with his feet ?	handlebars


NEW

21854	The lady adjusts her position in the chair and looks down .	where does the lady adjust her position . ?	chair


21860	The man still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera .	the man still plays what and stops to walk away and look at the camera ?	drums
21860	The man still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera .	what does the man still play ?	drums


21871	He grabs and iron and irons the shirt .	he grabs and iron and irons what ?	shirt
21871	He grabs and iron and irons the shirt .	what do he iron and irons ?	shirt


21876	They begin shaving their legs and hold up a razor smiling at the camera .	they begin and hold up what smiling at the camera ?	razor
21876	They begin shaving their legs and hold up a razor smiling at the camera .	what do they hold up smiling at the camera ?	razor


21886	The man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad .	the man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts what on it picking up the pad ?	mop
21886	The man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad .	what does the man put on it picking up the pad ?	mop


21919	The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies .	the boy then opens and oven what and pulls out a plate of cookies ?	door
21919	The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies .	what do the boy then oven ?	door


21920	He uses the stick to push the rack back and closes the oven while waves to the camera .	he uses what and closes the oven while waves to the camera ?	stick
21920	He uses the stick to push the rack back and closes the oven while waves to the camera .	what does he use ?	stick


21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	the mother puts what on the sink and open the dishwasher ?	dishes
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	what does the mother put on the sink ?	dishes


21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	the mother puts dishes on the sink and open what ?	dishwasher
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	what do the mother open ?	dishwasher


21942	The sister toddler go down the chair and leave the kitchen .	the sister toddler go down the chair and leave what ?	kitchen
21942	The sister toddler go down the chair and leave the kitchen .	what do the sister toddler leave ?	kitchen


21966	The woman then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around .	the woman then cuts what and rubs down the horses coat ?	mane
21966	The woman then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around .	what does the woman then cut ?	mane


22009	The man plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera .	the man plays what continuously and ends by speaking to the camera ?	drums
22009	The man plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera .	what does the man play continuously ?	drums


22012	A person slices and ground garlic and chop parsley .	the person slices and ground what ?	parsley
22012	A person slices and ground garlic and chop parsley .	what did the person grind ?	parsley


22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person cooks and drain what , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	pasta
22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person drain what , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	pasta


22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add what , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	broth
22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add what , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	broth


22021	The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula .	the woman adds what to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula ?	fruit
22021	The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula .	what does the woman add to the mixture ?	fruit


22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	the flame exit what and a light sparkles form the welding machine ?	tube
22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	what do the flame exit and a light sparkles form the welding machine ?	tube


22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	the flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form welding what ?	machine
22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	what do the flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form welding ?	machine


22066	A woman opens the door and walks out .	the woman opens what and walks out ?	door
22066	A woman opens the door and walks out .	what does the woman open ?	door


NEW

22071	man stands from a table and walks in a room .	where does man walk . ?	room


NEW

22072	A person is seen raking a yard and pauses to put his hand in his pocket .	where does the person pause to put his hand . ?	pocket


22087	The man completes the Rubik 's cube and sets it down .	the man completes what and sets it down ?	cube
22087	The man completes the Rubik 's cube and sets it down .	what does the man complete ?	cube


22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	the lady then brushes what and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right ?	horse
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	what does the lady then brush ?	horse


22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	the lady then brushes the horse and cleans what on the horse on the right ?	hooves
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	what does the lady then clean on the horse on the right ?	hooves


22096	The lady then sprays a product in the mane and comes it .	the lady then sprays what in the mane and comes it ?	product
22096	The lady then sprays a product in the mane and comes it .	what did the lady then spray in the mane ?	product


22098	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves .	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans what ?	hooves
22098	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves .	what does the lady clean ?	hooves


22108	A women sets up her keys , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs .	the women sets up what , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs ?	keys
22108	A women sets up her keys , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs .	what does the women set up ?	keys


22138	He gets off of his horse and brings the bull down and starts walking back to his horse .	he gets off of his horse and brings what down and starts walking back to his horse ?	bull
22138	He gets off of his horse and brings the bull down and starts walking back to his horse .	he brings what down and starts walking back to his horse ?	bull


22158	Finally she picks up a guitar and grabs a pic from the front and steps away .	finally she picks up what and grabs a pic from the front and steps away ?	guitar
22158	Finally she picks up a guitar and grabs a pic from the front and steps away .	what does finally she pick up ?	guitar


22178	The woman puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again .	the woman puts blow what down and brushes her hair again ?	dryer
22178	The woman puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again .	what does the woman put blow down ?	dryer


22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	she pulls out what as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera ?	panels
22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	what does she pull out ?	panels


22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	she pulls out the panels as well as putting what on and presents a pan of objects to the camera ?	sunglasses
22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	she putting what on and presents a pan of objects to the camera ?	sunglasses


22237	She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it .	she opens what and pours water and soap into it ?	bin
22237	She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it .	what does she open ?	bin


22249	A man is positioning a camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them .	the man is positioning what and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them ?	camera
22249	A man is positioning a camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them .	what is the man positioning ?	camera


22297	He puts the tire back on the bike and spins it .	he puts what back on the bike and spins it ?	tire
22297	He puts the tire back on the bike and spins it .	what does he put back on the bike ?	tire


22303	A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera .	the boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts what ?	camera
22303	A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera .	what does the boy adjust ?	camera


NEW

22319	A man runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand , then stand and goes skiping to his sit , while people walk in the stadium .	where does the man go skiping to his sit , while people walk . ?	stadium


22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	the woman mixes what together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan ?	ingredients
22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	what does the woman mix together in a bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	where does the woman mix various ingredients together . ?	bowl


22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	the hand mixes what in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer ?	flour
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	what does the hand mix in a bowl ?	flour


22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	the hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds what and mixes both ingredients with a mixer ?	eggs
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	what does the hand add ?	eggs


22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	the hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes what with a mixer ?	ingredients
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	what does the hand mix with a mixer ?	ingredients


NEW

22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	where does the hand mix flour . ?	bowl


NEW

22365	The hands then take the resulting ball of dough and kneads it , covers it in saran wrap and cuts it in pieces before rolling it flat with a rolling pin .	where does the hands then cover it . ?	wrap


22374	She continues to wash a large knife and then places the wet utensils on a drying rack .	she continues and then places what on a drying rack ?	utensils
22374	She continues to wash a large knife and then places the wet utensils on a drying rack .	she then places what on a drying rack ?	utensils


22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	she holds what and turns the jump rope in front of her ?	rope
22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	what does she hold ?	rope


22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	she holds a jump rope and turns what in front of her ?	rope
22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	what does she turn in front of her ?	rope


22386	She turns the jump rope once more and catches it with her feet .	she turns what once more and catches it with her feet ?	rope
22386	She turns the jump rope once more and catches it with her feet .	what does she turn once more ?	rope


22388	She turns the jump rope and completes a full jump .	she turns what and completes a full jump ?	rope
22388	She turns the jump rope and completes a full jump .	what does she turn ?	rope


NEW

22419	woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two .	where do woman serve the bread . ?	dish


22464	A group of people transport a boat on their heads .	the group of people transport what on their heads ?	boat
22464	A group of people transport a boat on their heads .	what do the group of people transport on their heads ?	boat


22470	The man turns around , grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done .	the man turns around , grabs what and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done ?	towel
22470	The man turns around , grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done .	what does the man grab ?	towel


22485	He shows several rocking and paddling motions , and flips the kayak once at the end .	he shows several rocking and paddling motions , and flips what once at the end ?	kayak
22485	He shows several rocking and paddling motions , and flips the kayak once at the end .	what does he flip once at the end ?	kayak


22510	The person stirs the ingredients all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice to serve .	the person stirs what all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice ?	ingredients
22510	The person stirs the ingredients all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice to serve .	what does the person stir all around ?	ingredients


22511	A young man dry a pot lid while dancing .	the young man dry what while dancing ?	lid
22511	A young man dry a pot lid while dancing .	what do the young man dry while dancing ?	lid


22513	A woman enters and then leave the kitchen .	the woman enters and then leave what ?	kitchen
22513	A woman enters and then leave the kitchen .	the woman then leave what ?	kitchen


22521	The man stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle .	the man stacks what and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle ?	buckets
22521	The man stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle .	what does the man stack ?	buckets


22522	He walks away in the end and shows off the castle he 's made .	he walks away in the end and shows off what ?	castle
22522	He walks away in the end and shows off the castle he 's made .	what does he show off ?	castle


22563	She prepares the equipment and helps the man perform the exercise .	she prepares what and helps the man perform the exercise ?	equipment
22563	She prepares the equipment and helps the man perform the exercise .	what does she prepare ?	equipment


22580	She enters a room with kids in it , takes off her coat and starts dancing .	she enters what with kids in it , takes off her coat and starts dancing ?	room
22580	She enters a room with kids in it , takes off her coat and starts dancing .	what does she enter with kids in it ?	room


22586	The lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves the room .	the lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves what ?	room
22586	The lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves the room .	what does the lady leave ?	room


22592	Next , the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce .	next , the toddler catch what and throw to the floor and the ball bounce ?	ball
22592	Next , the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce .	what do next , the toddler catch ?	ball


22621	wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving wine and a elderly couple are toasting .	wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving what and a elderly couple are toasting ?	wine
22621	wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving wine and a elderly couple are toasting .	what are wmoan serving and a elderly couple are toasting ?	wine


22626	A military procession carries a coffin and goes through a funeral ceremony .	the military procession carries what and goes through a funeral ceremony ?	coffin
22626	A military procession carries a coffin and goes through a funeral ceremony .	what does the military procession carry ?	coffin


22646	The man completes the construction , then turns off the camera .	the man completes the construction , then turns off what ?	camera
22646	The man completes the construction , then turns off the camera .	what does the man turn off ?	camera


22689	The woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it .	the woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed what on the snow and jumped on it ?	round
22689	The woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it .	what did the woman with sunglasses , blue jacket push on the snow ?	round


22702	Then , the man washes the cloth with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times .	then , the man washes what with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times ?	cloth
22702	Then , the man washes the cloth with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times .	what does then , the man wash with his hand ?	cloth


NEW

22709	A white haired man sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by .	where does the white haired man begin to play while people walk by . ?	lobby


22714	The players twist and push and pull the poles as they play on the table .	the players twist and push and pull what ?	poles
22714	The players twist and push and pull the poles as they play on the table .	what do the players push and pull ?	poles


22724	Then , the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water , then wet a cloth and attaches to a handle to mop the floor .	then , the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water , then wet what and attaches to a handle to mop the floor ?	cloth
22724	Then , the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water , then wet a cloth and attaches to a handle to mop the floor .	then , the person then wet what ?	cloth


22742	a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts .	the lot of people wearing what and are in a bus and holding rafts ?	jackets
22742	a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts .	what does the lot of people wear ?	jackets


22752	He holds up various tools and begins piecing them together .	he holds up what and begins piecing them together ?	tools
22752	He holds up various tools and begins piecing them together .	what does he hold up ?	tools


22756	Then the man straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft .	then the man straightens what and sits up straight in the raft ?	raft
22756	Then the man straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft .	what does then the man straighten ?	raft


22833	One of them hits the ball up and stops their progress , they have to start again .	one of them hits what up and stops their progress , they have to start again ?	ball
22833	One of them hits the ball up and stops their progress , they have to start again .	what does one of them hit up , they have to start again ?	ball


22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	the man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches what ?	circle
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	what does the man approach ?	circle


22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	the person grabs what and slides it two times ?	disc
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	what does the person grab ?	disc


22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	the person grabs a blue disc and slides it how many times ?	two
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	how many times does the person slide it ?	two


22863	After , he picks up the skateboard and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding .	after , he picks up what and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding ?	skateboard
22863	After , he picks up the skateboard and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding .	what does after , he pick up ?	skateboard


22864	Once done , he picks up the skateboard and holds it back down to his side .	once done , he picks up what and holds it back down to his side ?	skateboard
22864	Once done , he picks up the skateboard and holds it back down to his side .	what does once done , he pick up ?	skateboard


22875	He pours egg into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables .	he pours what into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables ?	egg
22875	He pours egg into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables .	what does he pour into the pan ?	egg


22940	A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow .	the skier comes down what and rolls on the snow ?	hill
22940	A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow .	what does the skier come down ?	hill


22946	The boy loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely .	the boy loses his balance and fall off what entirely ?	pole
22946	The boy loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely .	what do the boy fall off entirely ?	pole


22959	Another person enters the restaurant and turns left .	another person enters what and turns left ?	restaurant
22959	Another person enters the restaurant and turns left .	what does another person enter ?	restaurant


22997	The man lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood .	the man lights the fire and adds what of wood ?	pieces
22997	The man lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood .	what does the man add of wood ?	pieces


23004	they are driving the car and are parked in snowy parking lot .	they are driving what and are parked in snowy parking lot ?	car
23004	they are driving the car and are parked in snowy parking lot .	what are they driving ?	car


NEW

23005	they eners in a restaurant and leaves and walks to the car again .	where does they eners . ?	restaurant


23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	woman is wearing what and is standing talking to the camera in a white room ?	shirt
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	what is woman wearing ?	shirt


23029	Once she is done with the top , the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body .	the grabs the dog front left what and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body ?	paw
23029	Once she is done with the top , the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body .	the grabs the dog front left what and takes a pair of scissors ?	paw


23040	The gets off the rope and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group .	the gets off what and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group ?	rope
23040	The gets off the rope and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group .	what does the get off ?	rope


23044	man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same .	man throw what with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same ?	ball
23044	man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same .	what do man throw with someone in the other side of the court and the kids behind him in the court do the same ?	ball


23046	the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same .	the kid make a throw and then score what ?	basket
23046	the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same .	the kid then score what ?	basket


23052	A man picks up a bar and raises it several times .	the man picks up what and raises it several times ?	bar
23052	A man picks up a bar and raises it several times .	what does the man pick up ?	bar


23054	Another man stands next to him and lifts a bar with him .	another man stands next to him and lifts what with him ?	bar
23054	Another man stands next to him and lifts a bar with him .	what does another man lift with him ?	bar


23063	Then they cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage .	then they cut what into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage ?	fish
23063	Then they cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage .	what did then they cut into small pieces ?	fish


NEW

23064	They sharpen the knife to slice the fish to prepare batter covered fried fish .	what do they sharpen ?	knife


23065	The entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy a delicious fried fish meal .	the entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy what ?	meal
23065	The entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy a delicious fried fish meal .	what do the entire family enjoy ?	meal


NEW

23073	A ballerina is seen swirling in a room and leads into the woman speaking to the camera and performing several ballet moves .	where is the ballerina seen swirling . ?	room


23117	She holds up a phone and speaks into the mirror .	she holds up what and speaks into the mirror ?	phone
23117	She holds up a phone and speaks into the mirror .	what does she hold up ?	phone


23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	the man cracks what and whisks the ingredients in a bowl ?	egg
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	what does the man crack ?	egg


23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	the man cracks an egg and whisks what in a bowl ?	ingredients
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	what does the man whisk in a bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	where does the man whisk the ingredients . ?	bowl


23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	the man enters what and walks up the staircase ?	building
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	what does the man enter ?	building


23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	the man enters the building and walks up what ?	staircase
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	what does the man walk up ?	staircase


NEW

23177	People ride on stationary bikes and watch a television in the gym .	where do people watch a television . ?	gym


23182	After , people practice shoe polish in group .	after , people practice what in group ?	polish
23182	After , people practice shoe polish in group .	what do after , people practice in group ?	polish


23185	The lady pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs .	the lady pours what into a bowl and stirs ?	ingredients
23185	The lady pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs .	what does the lady pour into a bowl ?	ingredients


23186	The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow .	the lady stirs what and mixes it in with her original bow ?	mixture
23186	The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow .	what does the lady stir ?	mixture


NEW

23187	She puts it in a glass pan and puts the pan in the oven .	where does she put it . ?	pan


NEW

23259	A cooker talks in a kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside .	where does the cooker talk . ?	kitchen


23261	After , the man wash and dry the knife .	after , the man wash and dry what ?	knife
23261	After , the man wash and dry the knife .	what do after , the man wash and dry ?	knife


23276	The baby picks up a toy dog and dances with it .	the baby picks up what and dances with it ?	dog
23276	The baby picks up a toy dog and dances with it .	what does the baby pick up ?	dog


23285	A teen performs pommel horse spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container .	the teen performs what spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container ?	horse
23285	A teen performs pommel horse spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container .	what does the teen perform spinning around ?	horse


23322	A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something .	the person is down below and is swinging what and hitting it onto something ?	fabric
23322	A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something .	what is the person swinging and hitting it onto something ?	fabric


23375	The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone .	the man in the blue shirt misses what and walks away to talk to someone ?	ball
23375	The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone .	what does the man in the blue shirt miss ?	ball


23394	He then grabs a paper towel and dries off his hands .	he then grabs what and dries off his hands ?	towel
23394	He then grabs a paper towel and dries off his hands .	what does he then grab ?	towel


23419	A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves .	the worker places what onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves ?	tiles
23419	A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves .	what does the worker place onto the floor ?	tiles


23434	After thirty five seconds , he pulls the blind fold down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube .	after thirty five seconds , he pulls what down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube ?	fold
23434	After thirty five seconds , he pulls the blind fold down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube .	what does after thirty five seconds , he pull down over his eyes ?	fold


23439	The woman holds up a disposable razor , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up .	the woman holds up what , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up ?	razor
23439	The woman holds up a disposable razor , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up .	what does the woman hold up ?	razor


23440	The woman is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg .	the woman is standing again and is now applying what to her leg ?	lotion
23440	The woman is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg .	what is the woman now applying to her leg ?	lotion


23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	she walks what away and shakes the bottle , ?	horse
23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	what does she walk away ?	horse


23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	she walks the horse away and shakes what , ?	bottle
23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	what does she shake ?	bottle


23456	The man twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it .	the man twirls what very quickly and unexpectedly drops it ?	baton
23456	The man twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it .	what does the man twirl very quickly ?	baton


NEW

23469	A large group of women are seen standing in a room and begin belly dancing .	where are the large group of women seen standing . ?	room


NEW

23507	The man continues playing the instrument in the room and ends by moving his hands down .	where does the man continue playing the instrument . ?	room


23511	Now , he has on head phones and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions .	now , he has on what and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions ?	phones
23511	Now , he has on head phones and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions .	what does now , he have on ?	phones


23535	The man then drops the ball on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him .	the man then drops what on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him ?	ball
23535	The man then drops the ball on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him .	what does the man then drop on the court ?	ball


23538	The man removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses .	the man removes what and shows us how to insert contact lenses ?	glasses
23538	The man removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses .	what does the man remove ?	glasses


NEW

23552	They take another drink and dump it out in the sink .	where do they dump it out . ?	sink


23553	They pick up the towel and wipe their face .	they pick up what and wipe their face ?	towel
23553	They pick up the towel and wipe their face .	what do they pick up ?	towel


23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	they grab what and turn the sink on ?	cup
23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	what do they grab ?	cup


23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	they grab a cup and turn what on ?	sink
23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	what do they turn on ?	sink


23592	He lays out more tin foil and wraps another object with it .	he lays out what and wraps another object with it ?	foil
23592	He lays out more tin foil and wraps another object with it .	what does he lay out ?	foil


23619	The man then grabs a frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog .	the man then grabs what and begins performing tricks with the dog ?	frisbee
23619	The man then grabs a frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog .	what does the man then grab ?	frisbee


23622	The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife .	the man asks the boy and pans what over to his wife ?	camera
23622	The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife .	what does the man pan over to his wife ?	camera


23623	The man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off camera .	the man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off what ?	camera
23623	The man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off camera .	what does the man laugh off ?	camera


23631	The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it .	the dad comes and throws what over and the boys run after it ?	ball
23631	The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it .	what does the dad throw over and the boys run after it ?	ball


23640	A person opens a round box and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder .	the person opens what and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder ?	box
23640	A person opens a round box and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder .	what does the person open ?	box


23650	The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step .	the man shows off what and demonstrates how to step ?	dart
23650	The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step .	what does the man show off ?	dart


23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	the man then picks up what and rubs it all over the shoe ?	cloth
23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	what does the man then pick up ?	cloth


23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up what and laces the shoe ?	shoelace
23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	what does then he pick up ?	shoelace


23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces what ?	shoe
23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	what does then he lace ?	shoe


NEW

23685	He rubs in lotion and then stands up with the man .	where did he rub . ?	lotion


23686	The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist .	the man holds what up to his back and smiles back to the artist ?	mirror
23686	The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist .	what does the man hold up to his back ?	mirror


23693	The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh .	the lady points what at the camera and laugh ?	tool
23693	The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh .	what does the lady point at the camera ?	tool


23696	She opens the piano and begins to play .	she opens what and begins to play ?	piano
23696	She opens the piano and begins to play .	what does she open ?	piano


23740	They continue down the fence and remove some dead plants .	they continue down the fence and remove what ?	plants
23740	They continue down the fence and remove some dead plants .	what do they remove ?	plants


23743	He drops it and gets some paint .	he drops it and gets what ?	paint
23743	He drops it and gets some paint .	what does he get ?	paint


23783	They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package .	they finish and put what on the front of the package ?	envelope
23783	They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package .	what did they put on the front of the package ?	envelope


23796	She successfully completes her round and jumps off of the bars .	she successfully completes what and jumps off of the bars ?	round
23796	She successfully completes her round and jumps off of the bars .	what does she successfully complete ?	round


23804	He scrapes the paint off the fence , then repaints it with fresh paint .	he scrapes what off the fence , then repaints it with fresh paint ?	paint
23804	He scrapes the paint off the fence , then repaints it with fresh paint .	what does he scrap off the fence ?	paint


23807	The skiers ski down the slope , ride their motorcycles , went fishing , and ski .	the skiers ski down the slope , ride what , went fishing , and ski ?	motorcycles
23807	The skiers ski down the slope , ride their motorcycles , went fishing , and ski .	what do the skiers ski down the slope , ride , went fishing , and ski ?	motorcycles


23835	He rubs the paper along the wall and ends by looking up to the camera .	he rubs the paper along what and ends by looking up to the camera ?	wall
23835	He rubs the paper along the wall and ends by looking up to the camera .	what does he rub the paper along ?	wall


23843	Then grabs a needle and sticks it through her lip , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her .	then grabs what and sticks it through her lip , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her ?	needle
23843	Then grabs a needle and sticks it through her lip , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her .	then grabs what , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her ?	needle


23847	At one point she throws the hula hoop accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it .	at one point she throws what accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it ?	hoop
23847	At one point she throws the hula hoop accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it .	what does at one point she throw accidentally ?	hoop


23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	then , the woman puts what on the floor and continues painting with the bottle ?	canvas
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	what does then , the woman put on the floor ?	canvas


23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues what with the bottle ?	painting
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	what does then , the woman continue with the bottle ?	painting


23887	After , the woman hangs the paintings on the , then she puts the paintings on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting .	, then she puts what on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting ?	paintings
23887	After , the woman hangs the paintings on the , then she puts the paintings on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting .	what does , then she put on the floor ?	paintings


23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	the red team member runs up and throws what directly at an opponent ?	ball
23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	what does the red team member throw directly at an opponent ?	ball


23899	The woman then grabs a paper towel and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout .	the woman then grabs what and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout ?	towel
23899	The woman then grabs a paper towel and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout .	the woman then grabs what , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout ?	towel


23914	Then , a man dry the car with clothes .	then , the man dry what with clothes ?	car
23914	Then , a man dry the car with clothes .	what do then , the man dry with clothes ?	car


23921	The man then lays a bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around .	the man then lays what down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around ?	bar
23921	The man then lays a bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around .	the man then lays what down ?	bar


23929	She pours ingredients into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper .	she pours what into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper ?	ingredients
23929	She pours ingredients into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper .	what does she pour into a buckets ?	ingredients


NEW

23929	She pours ingredients into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper .	where does she soak the sponge . ?	bucket


23967	He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard .	he moves what and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard ?	knob
23967	He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard .	what does he move and another woman is shown cutting the yard ?	knob


23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	after , the person tap again the the chest , put what on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth ?	toothpaste
23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	what do after , the person put on the brush ?	toothpaste


23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	after , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush what teeth ?	dog
23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	what do after , the person brush teeth ?	dog


23985	The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass .	the woman shakes what and strains it into another glass ?	mixture
23985	The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass .	what does the woman shake ?	mixture


24016	People continuously decorate the tree moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera .	people continuously decorate what moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera ?	tree
24016	People continuously decorate the tree moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera .	what do people continuously decorate moving quickly around one another ?	tree


24019	The woman mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end .	the woman mixes what together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end ?	ingredients
24019	The woman mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end .	what does the woman mix together ?	ingredients


24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	the rider throws what at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse ?	rope
24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	what does the rider throw at the cow trying to catch it ?	rope


24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	the rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off what ?	horse
24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	what does the rider jump off ?	horse


24053	After , the man puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails .	after , the man puts what on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails ?	runner
24053	After , the man puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails .	what does after , the man put on the wood step ?	runner


24061	He then adds all the ingredients on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat .	he then adds what on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat ?	ingredients
24061	He then adds all the ingredients on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat .	he then adds what on the bread and cuts it in halves ?	ingredients


24083	The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it .	the man then hits what off the back wall and catches it ?	ball
24083	The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it .	what does the man then hit off the back wall ?	ball


24087	She places meat and cheese on bread , then closes the sandwich .	she places meat and cheese on bread , then closes what ?	sandwich
24087	She places meat and cheese on bread , then closes the sandwich .	what does she close ?	sandwich


24154	Lastly , they put the skirt under the tree and end the video with a kiss .	lastly , they put what under the tree and end the video with a kiss ?	skirt
24154	Lastly , they put the skirt under the tree and end the video with a kiss .	what did lastly , they put under the tree ?	skirt


24168	He grabs an air pump and attaches it to the tire .	he grabs what and attaches it to the tire ?	pump
24168	He grabs an air pump and attaches it to the tire .	what does he grab ?	pump


24200	He scrapes it clean , then applies a new sole and spike to the heel .	he scrapes , then applies what and spike to the heel ?	sole
24200	He scrapes it clean , then applies a new sole and spike to the heel .	he then applies what ?	sole


NEW

24220	The man gets in the car and drives down the street .	where does the man get . ?	car


24234	Reese Hoffa steps up and throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	reese hoffa steps up and throws what and a man rushes to measure the throw ?	ball
24234	Reese Hoffa steps up and throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	what does reese hoffa throw and a man rushes to measure the throw ?	ball


24235	Reese adjusts his shirt and waits for his score .	reese adjusts what and waits for his score ?	shirt
24235	Reese adjusts his shirt and waits for his score .	what does reese adjust ?	shirt


24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	the lady in a red winter jacket places what in the ignition and starts the car ?	keys
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	what does the lady in a red winter jacket place in the ignition ?	keys


24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	the lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts what ?	car
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	what does the lady in a red winter jacket start ?	car


24252	He puts a hose in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more .	he puts what in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more ?	hose
24252	He puts a hose in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more .	what does he put in one sde of it ?	hose


NEW

24281	She then dips her brush in a blue paint to cover the chair 's seat , back , and then arms/legs .	where does she dip her brush to cover the chair 's seat , back . ?	paint


24282	Lastly , she places stencils on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate .	lastly , she places what on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate ?	stencils
24282	Lastly , she places stencils on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate .	what does lastly , she place on the chair ?	stencils


24295	Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens .	toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross what ?	road
24295	Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens .	what do toddlers cross ?	road


24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	two boys advance to the center and throw what , then they return to his place ?	balls
24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	what do two boys throw , then they return to his place ?	balls


24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	after , the other team advance throwing balls and hit how many player wearing purple t-shirt ?	one
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	how many player did after , the other team hit wearing purple t-shirt ?	one


24307	The man and the woman are on front a river fighting , and then hung his legs from a tree .	the man and the woman are on front what , and then hung his legs from a tree ?	fighting
24307	The man and the woman are on front a river fighting , and then hung his legs from a tree .	what are the man and the woman on front ?	fighting


24361	They finally pack up a tent and carry it with them as they drive along .	they finally pack up what and carry it with them as they drive along ?	tent
24361	They finally pack up a tent and carry it with them as they drive along .	what do they finally pack up ?	tent


24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	he finally rubs what again and places the cap on the bar ?	ski
24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	what did he finally rub again ?	ski


24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	he finally rubs the ski again and places what on the bar ?	cap
24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	what does he finally place on the bar ?	cap


24443	The person mixes various ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a glass .	the person mixes what together into a bowl and pours it into a glass ?	ingredients
24443	The person mixes various ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a glass .	what does the person mix together into a bowl ?	ingredients


24497	The individual sets aside the shoe and turns over the other shoe .	the individual sets aside what and turns over the other shoe ?	shoe
24497	The individual sets aside the shoe and turns over the other shoe .	what does the individual set aside ?	shoe


24500	Then , the woman put on a foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue .	then , the woman put on a foot and tie what behind the tongue ?	shoe
24500	Then , the woman put on a foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue .	then , the woman tie what behind the tongue ?	shoe


24501	Then , the person put the other feet and tie the shoe , then she puts the tongues up .	then , the person put the other feet and tie what , then she puts the tongues up ?	shoe
24501	Then , the person put the other feet and tie the shoe , then she puts the tongues up .	what do then , the person tie , then she puts the tongues up ?	shoe


24533	A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	the man in a black shirt spins around and throws what onto the field ?	ball
24533	A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what does the man in a black shirt throw onto the field ?	ball


NEW

24542	They gather in the pool , then engage in a game of water polo .	where do they gather . ?	pool


24592	A title slide is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies .	the title slide is then shown , and then shows what used in a recipe for cookies ?	ingredients
24592	A title slide is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies .	the title slide then shows what used in a recipe for cookies ?	ingredients


24594	They roll the dough into balls and place them into an oven .	they roll what into balls and place them into an oven ?	dough
24594	They roll the dough into balls and place them into an oven .	what do they roll into balls ?	dough


24639	He then cuts up a piece of bread , scoops out the insides , and fries up some meat .	he then cuts up a piece of bread , scoops out the insides , and fries up what ?	meat
24639	He then cuts up a piece of bread , scoops out the insides , and fries up some meat .	what did he then fry up ?	meat


24640	Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich .	finally he pours what into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich ?	ingredients
24640	Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich .	what does finally he pour into the break bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

24640	Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich .	where does finally he wrap it up . ?	foil


24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	the man sets what under his chin and tightens the bow ?	instrument
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	what does the man set under his chin ?	instrument


24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	the man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens what ?	bow
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	what does the man tighten ?	bow


24720	The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin .	the man undoes what and raps them around the violin ?	strings
24720	The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin .	what does the man undo ?	strings


24731	She then catches a fish and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale .	she then catches what and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale ?	fish
24731	She then catches a fish and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale .	what does she then catch ?	fish


24735	Once complete , the man grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise .	, the man grabs what and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise ?	rope
24735	Once complete , the man grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise .	what does , the man grab ?	rope


NEW

24770	Afterwards the girl stands up talks to he friend and looks in the mirror .	where does afterwards the girl look . ?	mirror


24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	the man approaches what holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit ?	horse
24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	what does the man approach holding two brushes in his hands ?	horse


24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	she then opens what and uses a holder on the side ?	bottle
24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	what does she then open ?	bottle


24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	she then opens the bottle and uses what on the side ?	holder
24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	what does she then use on the side ?	holder


24820	The people hit a ball across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another .	the people hit what across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another ?	ball
24820	The people hit a ball across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another .	what did the people hit across a lawn one at a time ?	ball


24825	He goes from the bottom up and grabs more paint on his tool .	he goes from the bottom up and grabs what on his tool ?	paint
24825	He goes from the bottom up and grabs more paint on his tool .	what does he grab on his tool ?	paint


NEW

24850	woman is wearing harness and get in a helicopter above and are flying above a volcano .	where do woman get . ?	helicopter


24872	A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates .	the man unzips what from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera ?	violin
24872	A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates .	what does the man unzip from the bag ?	violin


24963	Paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim their weapons .	paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim what ?	weapons
24963	Paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim their weapons .	what do paintball players aim ?	weapons


24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	the man in blue shirt finished what and put it down , and the blonde man cheered ?	drink
24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	what did the man in blue shirt finish , and the blonde man cheered ?	drink


24989	A man is standing up and throws a rock .	the man is standing up and throws what ?	rock
24989	A man is standing up and throws a rock .	what does the man throw ?	rock


25040	The boy gets up and leaves the room .	the boy gets up and leaves what ?	room
25040	The boy gets up and leaves the room .	what does the boy leave ?	room


NEW

25044	He puts his head in the sink and washes his face angrily .	where does he put his head . ?	sink


25051	the child falls off their skis and lays in the snow .	the child falls off what and lays in the snow ?	skis
25051	the child falls off their skis and lays in the snow .	what does the child fall off ?	skis


25052	The camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off the camera .	the camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off what ?	camera
25052	The camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off the camera .	what does the camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids turn off ?	camera


25058	The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area .	the men begin a game of volleyball and hit what all around the area ?	ball
25058	The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area .	what did the men hit all around the area ?	ball


25084	The man mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves .	the man mounts what and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves ?	bar
25084	The man mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves .	what does the man mount ?	bar


25116	The other then mixes the ingredients into a bowl and pouts it into a pan .	the other then mixes what into a bowl and pouts it into a pan ?	ingredients
25116	The other then mixes the ingredients into a bowl and pouts it into a pan .	what does the other then mix into a bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

25144	A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom .	where does the title screen fade out . ?	classroom


25157	fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added some syrup into a starbucks cup .	fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added what into a starbucks cup ?	syrup
25157	fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added some syrup into a starbucks cup .	what did fist a bag of tea add into a starbucks cup ?	syrup


25163	She opens the bread , and applies meat , cheese , pickles , and mustard .	she opens what , and applies meat , cheese , pickles , and mustard ?	bread
25163	She opens the bread , and applies meat , cheese , pickles , and mustard .	what does she open ?	bread


25164	She closes the sandwiches , and puts them in a heated panini press .	she closes what , and puts them in a heated panini press ?	sandwiches
25164	She closes the sandwiches , and puts them in a heated panini press .	what does she close ?	sandwiches


25182	She falls off and grabs the rope .	she falls off and grabs what ?	rope
25182	She falls off and grabs the rope .	what does she grab ?	rope


25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	he places what on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita ?	ingredients
25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	what does he place on the counter ?	ingredients


25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	he places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves what , and begins to stack them inside the pita ?	meat
25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	what does he shave ?	meat


25195	He then puts the torch down and zooms in on the bar .	he then puts what down and zooms in on the bar ?	torch
25195	He then puts the torch down and zooms in on the bar .	he then puts what down ?	torch


25246	A blonde women runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding .	the blonde women runs jumps and twist what on the padding ?	lands
25246	A blonde women runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding .	what do the blonde women twist on the padding ?	lands


25254	The guy sits down and plays the violin .	the guy sits down and plays what ?	violin
25254	The guy sits down and plays the violin .	what does the guy play ?	violin


25271	A woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands the phone to her husband .	the woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands what to her husband ?	phone
25271	A woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands the phone to her husband .	what does the woman on the phone with the company hand to her husband ?	phone


25273	the man tries to lift the weight two times and drops it .	the man tries to lift the weight how many times and drops it ?	two
25273	the man tries to lift the weight two times and drops it .	how many times does the man try to lift the weight ?	two


25274	The man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	the man lifts the weight how many times and walks away ?	three
25274	The man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	how many times does the man lift the weight ?	three


25276	the man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	the man lifts the weight how many times and walks away ?	three
25276	the man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	how many times does the man lift the weight ?	three


25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	the man lifts the weight what and removes his weight lifting belt ?	tines
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	what does the man lift the weight ?	tines


25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	the man lifts the weight two tines and removes what ?	belt
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	what does the man remove ?	belt


25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	the man lifts the weight how many tines and removes his weight lifting belt ?	two
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	how many tines does the man lift the weight ?	two


25291	She runs along the boardwalk as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed .	she runs along what as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed ?	boardwalk
25291	She runs along the boardwalk as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed .	what does she run along as well as past people ?	boardwalk


25327	He points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands .	he points around the shoe and flips what around with his hands ?	shoe
25327	He points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands .	what does he flip around with his hands ?	shoe


25335	The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away .	the gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off what and walks away ?	bars
25335	The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away .	the gymnast in the orange leotards then gets off what and walks away ?	bars


25342	The man picks up and smells a twig with leaves .	the man picks up and smells what with leaves ?	twig
25342	The man picks up and smells a twig with leaves .	what does the man smell with leaves ?	twig


25344	The man sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up .	the man sprinkles what into the yard and rakes them up ?	leaves
25344	The man sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up .	what does the man sprinkle into the yard ?	leaves


25345	We then see the twigs and leaves again .	we then see what and leaves again ?	twigs
25345	We then see the twigs and leaves again .	what do we then see ?	twigs


25355	An athlete jumps , but touch the horizontal rod .	an athlete jumps , but touch what ?	rod
25355	An athlete jumps , but touch the horizontal rod .	what do an athlete touch ?	rod


25383	She tapes up the sides and uses a ribbon to tie the box up and ends by unwrapping it and showing what 's inside .	she tapes up the sides and uses what and ends by unwrapping it and showing what 's inside ?	ribbon
25383	She tapes up the sides and uses a ribbon to tie the box up and ends by unwrapping it and showing what 's inside .	she tapes up the sides and uses what ?	ribbon


NEW

25395	A person wraps the box in the fabric and ties it up .	where does the person wrap the box . ?	fabric


25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	they then put what in a bag and tie it ?	bottles
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	what did they then put in a bag ?	bottles


25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	they then put how many bottles in a bag and tie it ?	two
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	how many bottles did they then put in a bag ?	two


NEW

25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	where did they then put two bottles . ?	bag


25409	The person then cuts up more fruits and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together to create a fruit bowl .	the person then cuts up what and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together ?	fruits
25409	The person then cuts up more fruits and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together to create a fruit bowl .	the person then cuts up what and adds it to the bowl ?	fruits


25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	sharpen what and cuts the tomato and shows us the sharpener ?	knife
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	cuts what and shows us the sharpener ?	tomato


25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	sharpen the different knife and cuts what and shows us the sharpener ?	tomato
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	cuts a tomato and shows us what ?	sharpener


OLD

25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	sharpen the different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us what ?	sharpener


25445	The girl drops the hula hoop and poses .	the girl drops what and poses ?	hoop
25445	The girl drops the hula hoop and poses .	what does the girl drop ?	hoop


25450	The boy puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera .	the boy puts what back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera ?	cigarette
25450	The boy puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera .	what does the boy put back together , and then he continues to talk to the camera ?	cigarette


25458	The man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas .	the man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began what on the bigger canvas ?	painting
25458	The man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas .	what did the man begin on the bigger canvas ?	painting


25465	A person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger .	the person polish what with a wrapped finger ?	shoe
25465	A person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger .	what do the person polish with a wrapped finger ?	shoe


25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	an older man passes what to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball ?	ball
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	what does an older man pass to a group of small kids ?	ball


25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	an older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks what ?	ball
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	an older man eventually kicks what ?	ball


25501	A man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves a bank .	the man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves what ?	bank
25501	A man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves a bank .	what does the man in jump stilts leave ?	bank


25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	the man opens what and counts his cash ?	bag
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	what does the man open ?	bag


25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	the man opens the bag and counts what ?	cash
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	what does the man count ?	cash


25647	He goes up the stairs and slides down the slide several times .	he goes up what and slides down the slide several times ?	stairs
25647	He goes up the stairs and slides down the slide several times .	what does he go up ?	stairs


25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	he re-wets what and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper ?	surface
25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	what does he re-wets ?	surface


25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	he re-wets the surface and uses what ?	tool
25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	what does he use ?	tool


NEW

25686	A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall .	where are the large group of people . ?	mall


25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	he jumps off what and ties a calf ?	horse
25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	what does he jump off ?	horse


25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	he jumps off the horse and ties what ?	calf
25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	what does he tie ?	calf


25723	The man bites into the sandwich , begins talking again , slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off .	the man bites into the sandwich , begins , slams what down on a plate and walks off ?	sandwich
25723	The man bites into the sandwich , begins talking again , slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off .	what does the man slam down on a plate ?	sandwich


25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	they lob what and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill ?	snowballs
25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	what do they lob , then they ski down the hill ?	snowballs


25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	they lob snowballs and ride what , then they ski down the hill ?	cars
25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	what do they ride , then they ski down the hill ?	cars


25741	One of the girls gets the ball and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers .	one of the girls gets what and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers ?	ball
25741	One of the girls gets the ball and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers .	what does one of the girls get ?	ball


25752	He hits a shot and makes a basket and then stops playing .	he hits a shot and makes what and then stops playing ?	basket
25752	He hits a shot and makes a basket and then stops playing .	he hits a shot and makes what ?	basket


25784	Then , the woman turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body .	then , the woman turns to the left and throw what and spin her body ?	ball
25784	Then , the woman turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body .	then , the woman throw what and spin her body ?	ball


25826	After , he picks some herbs and places them on a plate .	after , he picks what and places them on a plate ?	herbs
25826	After , he picks some herbs and places them on a plate .	what does after , he pick ?	herbs


25861	In the end the other people who are there all sit down and eat popsicles .	in the end the other people sit down and eat what ?	popsicles
25861	In the end the other people who are there all sit down and eat popsicles .	what do in the end the other people eat ?	popsicles


25918	She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror .	she puts what and looks down at the mirror ?	glasses
25918	She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror .	what does she put ?	glasses


25928	He sparks the object to create a flame and puts his mask on to protect himself .	he sparks the object and puts what on to protect himself ?	mask
25928	He sparks the object to create a flame and puts his mask on to protect himself .	what does he put on to protect himself ?	mask


25931	Then , the boy jumps and flips three time , but falls on his back making a big splash .	then , the boy jumps and flips how many time , but falls on his back making a big splash ?	three
25931	Then , the boy jumps and flips three time , but falls on his back making a big splash .	how many time does then , the boy jump and flips ?	three


25934	The man finishes ironing and turns the camera away .	the man finishes and turns what away ?	camera
25934	The man finishes ironing and turns the camera away .	what does the man turn away ?	camera


25940	After , the woman folds the sides of the paper and cutting a piece to fit the box , then put tape to joint the ends while explaining .	, then put what to joint the ends while explaining ?	tape
25940	After , the woman folds the sides of the paper and cutting a piece to fit the box , then put tape to joint the ends while explaining .	what do , then put to joint the ends while explaining ?	tape


25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies what to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased ?	paint
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies what to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller ?	paint


25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting what and is pleased ?	paint
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting what ?	paint


25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	the man finishes what and pours it in a pot ?	sauce
25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	what does the man finish ?	sauce


NEW

25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	where does the man pour it . ?	pot


25993	The women cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make .	the women cook what ?	dish
25993	The women cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make .	what do the women cook ?	dish


26013	Suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles the bag .	suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles what ?	bag
26013	Suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles the bag .	what does suddenly the woman straddle ?	bag


26050	The woman hit the ball and cheered .	the woman hit what and cheered ?	ball
26050	The woman hit the ball and cheered .	what did the woman hit ?	ball


26051	The woman hit the ball again and started jumping .	the woman hit what again and started jumping ?	ball
26051	The woman hit the ball again and started jumping .	what did the woman hit again ?	ball


26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	the little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze what into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side ?	lemon
26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	what do the little girl squeeze into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side ?	lemon


NEW

26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	where is the little girl standing , a person is standing by her side . ?	kitchen


NEW

26059	woman clean her hands in the sink and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons .	where do woman clean her hands and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons . ?	sink


26087	The girl then shakes up the bottle , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body .	the girl then shakes up what , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body ?	bottle
26087	The girl then shakes up the bottle , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body .	what does the girl then shake up ?	bottle


26092	The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe .	the woman puts oil in a cloth and polish what ?	shoe
26092	The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe .	what do the woman polish ?	shoe


26102	The man grabs the ball again and serves it across the table .	the man grabs what again and serves it across the table ?	ball
26102	The man grabs the ball again and serves it across the table .	what does the man grab again ?	ball


26105	The people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll the car outside .	the people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll what outside ?	car
26105	The people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll the car outside .	what do the people roll outside ?	car


26106	They park the car and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end .	they park what and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end ?	car
26106	They park the car and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end .	what do they park ?	car


26108	The girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other .	the girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs what on with the other ?	makeup
26108	The girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other .	what does the girl rub on with the other ?	makeup


26117	The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans .	the man mixes what and pours it into cake pans ?	mix
26117	The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans .	what does the man mix ?	mix


NEW

26120	Then see the bright end screen .	what do then see ?	screen


26122	a men is riding a camel and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope .	the men is riding what and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope ?	camel
26122	a men is riding a camel and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope .	what is the men riding ?	camel


26137	She then picks up the flute and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between .	she then picks up what and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between ?	flute
26137	She then picks up the flute and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between .	what does she then pick up ?	flute


26138	She plays the instrument again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera .	she plays what again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera ?	instrument
26138	She plays the instrument again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera .	what does she play again ?	instrument


26149	She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink .	she holds what in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink ?	wash
26149	She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink .	what does she hold in her mouth for a long time ?	wash


NEW

26149	She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink .	where does she spit it out . ?	sink


26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	the person is throwing what up in the air and hits the ball ?	ball
26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	what is the person throwing up in the air ?	ball


26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	the person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits what ?	ball
26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	what does the person hit ?	ball


26206	The man then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people .	the man then serves what and leads into a tennis match between four people ?	ball
26206	The man then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people .	what does the man then serve ?	ball


26219	They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush .	they rinse the face and add what with a brush ?	wash
26219	They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush .	what do they add with a brush ?	wash


26223	The man turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side .	the man turns on the drill and peels what with another person pointing on the side ?	potato
26223	The man turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side .	what does the man peel with another person pointing on the side ?	potato


26242	The lady pauses and looks out the window .	the lady pauses and looks out what ?	window
26242	The lady pauses and looks out the window .	what does the lady look out ?	window


26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	manis wearing what and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower ?	shirt
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what does manis wear ?	shirt


26277	A man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell .	the man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts what ?	bell
26277	A man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell .	what does the man lift ?	bell


26278	A man approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it .	the man approaches what on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it ?	barbell
26278	A man approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it .	what does the man approach on the floor ?	barbell


26280	The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip .	the man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops what through the clip ?	rope
26280	The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip .	what did the man in the dark green shirt loop through the clip ?	rope


26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	the man reverses what and loops the rope through the strap eye link ?	position
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	what does the man reverse ?	position


26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	the man reverses the strap position and loops what through the strap eye link ?	rope
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	what did the man loop through the strap eye link ?	rope


NEW

26287	A woman walks into a room and sits in a pew .	where does the woman sit . ?	pew


26295	The person mixes ingredients into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush .	the person mixes what into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush ?	ingredients
26295	The person mixes ingredients into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush .	what does the person mix into a bowl ?	ingredients


NEW

26296	She then sticks the shoes in the wash and shows them off afterwards .	where does she then stick the shoes . ?	wash


26299	The man spins hard and throws the hammer .	the man spins hard and throws what ?	hammer
26299	The man spins hard and throws the hammer .	what does the man throw ?	hammer


26322	Next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground .	next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops what on the ground ?	bar
26322	Next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground .	next the screen then drops what on the ground ?	bar


26338	She lays out a newspaper and mixes various ingredients together into a spray bottle .	she lays out a newspaper and mixes what together into a spray bottle ?	ingredients
26338	She lays out a newspaper and mixes various ingredients together into a spray bottle .	what does she mix together into a spray bottle ?	ingredients


26364	She shows the ingredients and tell what to set the oven to .	she shows what and tell what to set the oven to ?	ingredients
26364	She shows the ingredients and tell what to set the oven to .	what does she show ?	ingredients


26367	Afterward she takes it out and shows the finished product .	afterward she takes it out and shows what ?	product
26367	Afterward she takes it out and shows the finished product .	what does afterward she show ?	product


26392	He swing the ax down and chops the log in half .	he swing what down and chops the log in half ?	ax
26392	He swing the ax down and chops the log in half .	what do he swing down ?	ax


26398	He ropes a calf and throws it down onto the ground .	he ropes what and throws it down onto the ground ?	calf
26398	He ropes a calf and throws it down onto the ground .	what does he rope ?	calf


26410	He picks up a heavy ball , and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques .	he picks up what , and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques ?	ball
26410	He picks up a heavy ball , and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques .	what does he pick up ?	ball


26473	The man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket .	the man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs what from his pocket ?	ball
26473	The man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket .	what does the man walk back to his basket and grabs from his pocket ?	ball


26546	He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half .	he opens what and cuts the sandwich in half ?	foil
26546	He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half .	what does he open ?	foil


NEW

26552	man is standing in a racetrack and is running to make a jump and people is standing around him .	where is man standing and people is standing around him . ?	racetrack


26575	A man hold up a bench and opens the parts so he can set it up .	the man hold up what and opens the parts so he can set it up ?	bench
26575	A man hold up a bench and opens the parts so he can set it up .	what do the man hold up ?	bench


26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	he sticks what in and snaps his ski in ?	pin
26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	what does he stick in ?	pin


26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	he sticks a pin in and snaps what in ?	ski
26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	what does he snap in ?	ski


26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	he then waxes what and removes the pin ?	ski
26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	what does he then wax ?	ski


26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	he then waxes the ski and removes what ?	pin
26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	what does he then remove ?	pin


NEW

26596	A man head the race and run alone in the street .	where do the man run . ?	street


NEW

26601	The fencer then demonstrates and gives the man a lesson in fencing .	where does the fencer then give the man a lesson . ?	fencing


26657	He puts the snow shovel in the snow and continues talking .	he puts what in the snow and continues talking ?	shovel
26657	He puts the snow shovel in the snow and continues talking .	what does he put in the snow ?	shovel


26662	She turns on the faucet and wets the sink .	she turns on the faucet and wets what ?	sink
26662	She turns on the faucet and wets the sink .	what does she wet ?	sink


26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs what and wipes the sink ?	towel
26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she grab ?	towel


26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs a paper towel and wipes what ?	sink
26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she wipe ?	sink


26665	She turns on the water and wets the sink .	she turns on the water and wets what ?	sink
26665	She turns on the water and wets the sink .	what does she wet ?	sink


26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs what and wipes the sink ?	towel
26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she grab ?	towel


26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs another paper towel and wipes what ?	sink
26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she wipe ?	sink


26669	They chase the ball all over the court .	they chase what all over the court ?	ball
26669	They chase the ball all over the court .	what do they chase all over the court ?	ball


26717	The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire , pulls his pole up and and down a few times , and then adjusts the camera .	the man then begins , and then adjusts what ?	camera
26717	The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire , pulls his pole up and and down a few times , and then adjusts the camera .	the man then then adjusts what ?	camera


26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	the man throws what down and hits several pins ?	ball
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	what does the man throw down ?	ball


26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	the man throws the ball down and hits what ?	pins
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	what does the man hit ?	pins


26786	We see the bars moving and then see two men sitting at the table .	we see the bars moving and then see how many men sitting at the table ?	two
26786	We see the bars moving and then see two men sitting at the table .	we then see how many men sitting at the table ?	two


26795	they then replace the tubes and get back on their bikes .	they then replace what and get back on their bikes ?	tubes
26795	they then replace the tubes and get back on their bikes .	what do they then replace ?	tubes


26798	She kicks the clothes around and steps around and kind of dances on them .	she kicks what around and steps around and kind of dances on them ?	clothes
26798	She kicks the clothes around and steps around and kind of dances on them .	what does she kick around ?	clothes


26852	The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking .	the man rubs what along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking ?	tools
26852	The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking .	what does the man rub along his skin and points back ?	tools


26890	She then poofs up her hair and shows off her luscious curls .	she then poofs up her hair and shows off what ?	curls
26890	She then poofs up her hair and shows off her luscious curls .	what does she then show off ?	curls


26924	He puts the pot on a stove and puts a lid on it .	he puts what on a stove and puts a lid on it ?	pot
26924	He puts the pot on a stove and puts a lid on it .	what does he put on a stove ?	pot


26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	he stirs what and pours the pasta into a strainer ?	pot
26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	what does he stir ?	pot


26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	he stirs the pot and pours what into a strainer ?	pasta
26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	what does he pour into a strainer ?	pasta


26929	He adds sauce and stirs it together .	he adds what and stirs it together ?	sauce
26929	He adds sauce and stirs it together .	what does he add ?	sauce


26959	When the man reaches the wall he uses a pencil to measure the tile , takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it .	he uses what , takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it ?	pencil
26959	When the man reaches the wall he uses a pencil to measure the tile , takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it .	what does he use ?	pencil


26973	The lady hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand .	the lady hands what to a man and shakes his hand ?	stick
26973	The lady hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand .	what does the lady hand to a man ?	stick


26977	He cuts it and removes the clamp .	he cuts it and removes what ?	clamp
26977	He cuts it and removes the clamp .	what does he remove ?	clamp


26990	The employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures .	the employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use what ?	phones
26990	The employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures .	what do the employees use ?	phones


27005	The man tapes up the box and presents it to the camera .	the man tapes up what and presents it to the camera ?	box
27005	The man tapes up the box and presents it to the camera .	what did the man tap up ?	box


27021	the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton .	the girls spins repeatedly and catches what ?	baton
27021	the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton .	what does the girls catch ?	baton


27023	The girl spins , catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps .	the girl spins , catches what and poses for her finish as the crowd claps ?	baton
27023	The girl spins , catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps .	what does the girl catch ?	baton


27059	He picks the leaves up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl .	he picks what up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl ?	leaves
27059	He picks the leaves up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl .	what does he pick up and handing it to a girl ?	leaves


27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men unpack what and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge ?	car
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	what do young men unpack ?	car


27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men unpack a car and then carry what in the jungle and pass a rope bridge ?	boats
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men carry what in the jungle and pass a rope bridge ?	boats


27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass what ?	bridge
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men carry raft boats in the jungle and pass what ?	bridge


27088	He climbs up the horse bar and does backhand springs .	he climbs up what and does backhand springs ?	bar
27088	He climbs up the horse bar and does backhand springs .	what does he climb up ?	bar


27091	After he 's done , he gets off the bar and walks towards the judges and other contestants .	, he gets off what and walks towards the judges and other contestants ?	bar
27091	After he 's done , he gets off the bar and walks towards the judges and other contestants .	what does , he get off ?	bar


27122	The girl then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone .	the girl then grabs what and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone ?	pants
27122	The girl then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone .	what does the girl then grab ?	pants


27134	She scrubs the dog with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog .	she scrubs what with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog ?	dog
27134	She scrubs the dog with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog .	what does she scrub with shampoo ?	dog


27145	She then mixes various ingredients into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker .	she then mixes what into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker ?	ingredients
27145	She then mixes various ingredients into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker .	what does she then mix into the glass ?	ingredients


27148	All of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown .	all of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up what and multiple replays are shown ?	stairs
27148	All of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown .	what does all of a sudden , a black dog trot up and multiple replays are shown ?	stairs


27157	A woman lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center .	the woman lays out tissue paper and places what in the center ?	toy
27157	A woman lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center .	what does the woman place in the center ?	toy


27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	the woman lays out what and places the wrapped toy on it ?	cellophane
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	what does the woman lay out ?	cellophane


27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	the woman lays out cellophane and places what on it ?	toy
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	what does the woman place on it ?	toy


27160	The woman cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy .	the woman cuts what and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy ?	cellophane
27160	The woman cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy .	what does the woman cut ?	cellophane


27165	He picks up a ball and throws it at the pins .	he picks up what and throws it at the pins ?	ball
27165	He picks up a ball and throws it at the pins .	what does he pick up ?	ball


27182	The man then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument .	the man then plays what continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument ?	instrument
27182	The man then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument .	what does the man then play continuously ?	instrument


27204	We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers .	we see what and then see the girls bloopers ?	screen
27204	We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers .	what do we see ?	screen


27241	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle .	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes what in a circle ?	leaves
27241	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle .	what does the girl rake in a circle ?	leaves


27243	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera .	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws what around before standing and talking to the camera ?	leaves
27243	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera .	what does the girl throw around before standing and talking to the camera ?	leaves


27246	Then , a person adds sugar , and lemon to pot with water to warm .	then , the person adds what , and lemon to pot with water to warm ?	sugar
27246	Then , a person adds sugar , and lemon to pot with water to warm .	what does then , the person add ?	sugar


27247	Then , the person adds the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup .	then , the person adds what to a jar and serves in a cup ?	lemonade
27247	Then , the person adds the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup .	what does then , the person add to a jar ?	lemonade


NEW

27247	Then , the person adds the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup .	where does then , the person serve . ?	cup


27254	A person opens a door and walks inside a kitchen .	the person opens what and walks inside a kitchen ?	door
27254	A person opens a door and walks inside a kitchen .	what does the person open ?	door


27301	he took one of the dart from the board and keeps talking , approaches to the camera and shows the sharp dart .	he took one of the dart from the board and keeps , approaches to the camera and shows what ?	dart
27301	he took one of the dart from the board and keeps talking , approaches to the camera and shows the sharp dart .	what does he show ?	dart


27302	he throw the dart to the board and lean on the wall .	he throw what to the board and lean on the wall ?	dart
27302	he throw the dart to the board and lean on the wall .	what do he throw to the board ?	dart


27325	Next she straightens both legs and puts one leg in the front and brings it back down .	next she straightens both legs and puts how many leg in the front and brings it back down ?	one
27325	Next she straightens both legs and puts one leg in the front and brings it back down .	next she puts how many leg in the front and brings it back down ?	one


27360	She then pulls out the made cookies and gives the camera a thumbs up .	she then pulls out what and gives the camera a thumbs up ?	cookies
27360	She then pulls out the made cookies and gives the camera a thumbs up .	what does she then pull out ?	cookies


27373	The man climbs a ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall .	the man climbs what and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall ?	ladder
27373	The man climbs a ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall .	what does the man climb ?	ladder


27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	the person walks up what into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking ?	stairs
27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	what does the person walk up into a room ?	stairs


27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	the person walks up stairs into a room and sees what poured from a keg and people talking ?	beer
27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	what does the person see poured from a keg and people talking ?	beer


27400	The woman arrange a gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts .	the woman arrange what and shows a pile of nice gifts ?	basket
27400	The woman arrange a gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts .	what do the woman arrange ?	basket


27424	A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting the ball and he explains it .	the man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting what and he explains it ?	ball
27424	A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting the ball and he explains it .	what is the man hitting and he explains it ?	ball


27443	People come and go to watch the two people dance and then they finally stop dancing , bow and grabs a cloth to wash their face .	people come and go to watch how many people dance ?	two
27443	People come and go to watch the two people dance and then they finally stop dancing , bow and grabs a cloth to wash their face .	how many people dance do people go to watch ?	two


27457	The person then holds up the dogs face and begins trimming around it 's eyes .	the person then holds up what and begins trimming around it 's eyes ?	face
27457	The person then holds up the dogs face and begins trimming around it 's eyes .	what does the person then hold up ?	face


27505	The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath .	the person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines what underneath ?	wheels
27505	The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath .	what does the person examine underneath ?	wheels


27543	Then , another man come and help cover the floor with tiles .	then , cover what with tiles ?	floor
27543	Then , another man come and help cover the floor with tiles .	what do then , cover with tiles ?	floor


27583	The man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits the ball back and forth .	the man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits what back and forth ?	ball
27583	The man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits the ball back and forth .	what does the man in green hit back and forth ?	ball


27625	A man gets on his knees and lifts two weights .	the man gets on his knees and lifts how many weights ?	two
27625	A man gets on his knees and lifts two weights .	how many weights does the man lift ?	two


27634	The princess and her people exit the room .	the princess and her people exit what ?	room
27634	The princess and her people exit the room .	what do the princess and her people exit ?	room


NEW

27667	The man is seen once again in the studio and is interviewed by a woman and another man .	where is the man seen . ?	studio


27681	The person completes the rubiks cube and sets it down on the table .	the person completes what and sets it down on the table ?	cube
27681	The person completes the rubiks cube and sets it down on the table .	what does the person complete ?	cube


27707	The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish .	the man puts what down and picks up another one to polish ?	shoe
27707	The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish .	what does the man put down ?	shoe


27708	He grabs the long pole and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field .	he grabs what and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field ?	pole
27708	He grabs the long pole and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field .	what does he grab ?	pole


27730	The lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie .	the lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds what ?	tie
27730	The lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie .	what does the lady add ?	tie


27765	They open beers and bump the together , then they start throwing beers to the audience .	they open what and bump the together , then they start throwing beers to the audience ?	beers
27765	They open beers and bump the together , then they start throwing beers to the audience .	what do they open , then they start throwing beers to the audience ?	beers


27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he gives a big finish with the tune and then pats what trunk ?	elephant
27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he then pats what trunk ?	elephant


27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he gives a big finish with the tune and then pats what ?	trunk
27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he then pats what ?	trunk


27797	A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard .	the boy swings and hits what out of the yard ?	ball
27797	A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard .	what does the boy hit out of the yard ?	ball


27829	They walk out to a ledge and then go bungee jumping over the edge .	they walk out to a ledge and then go what jumping over the edge ?	bungee
27829	They walk out to a ledge and then go bungee jumping over the edge .	they then go what jumping over the edge ?	bungee


NEW

27854	`` FiAir The handly little blower to feed your fires '' appears on screen .	what do `` fiair ?	blower


27860	He then wipes the knife with a rag and continues sharpening the knives .	he then wipes what with a rag and continues sharpening the knives ?	knife
27860	He then wipes the knife with a rag and continues sharpening the knives .	what does he then wipe with a rag ?	knife


27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	the women pull out what and stuff one body into a bag ?	tape
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	what do the women pull out ?	tape


27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	the women pull out duct tape and stuff how many body into a bag ?	one
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	how many body do the women stuff into a bag ?	one


27887	She throws the baton up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it .	she throws what up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it ?	baton
27887	She throws the baton up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it .	what does she throw up ?	baton


27888	She accidentally drops the baton and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance .	she accidentally drops what and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance ?	baton
27888	She accidentally drops the baton and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance .	she accidentally drops what and picks its up ?	baton


27890	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock .	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing what ?	lock
27890	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock .	what is anoher man practicing ?	lock


NEW

27891	man throw the the kid in the bed and stands .	where do man throw the the kid . ?	bed


27910	He picks up a beer and takes a drink quickly .	he picks up what and takes a drink quickly ?	beer
27910	He picks up a beer and takes a drink quickly .	what does he pick up ?	beer


27913	The woman then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites .	the woman then puts what onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites ?	ingredients
27913	The woman then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites .	the woman then puts what onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together ?	ingredients


27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	we see blue letters on a black screen and see what ?	roof
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	what do we see ?	roof


27933	However , in his hand he has a scythe and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further .	however , in his hand he has what and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further ?	scythe
27933	However , in his hand he has a scythe and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further .	what does however , in his hand he have ?	scythe


27940	She holds a harmonica to her mouth and plays it .	she holds what to her mouth and plays it ?	harmonica
27940	She holds a harmonica to her mouth and plays it .	what does she hold to her mouth ?	harmonica


27957	They knock the pins down .	they knock what down ?	pins
27957	They knock the pins down .	what do they knock down ?	pins


27958	They throw the ball at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down .	they throw what at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down ?	ball
27958	They throw the ball at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down .	what do they throw at a spare ?	ball


27983	One of the men checks his gun and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward .	one of the men checks what and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward ?	gun
27983	One of the men checks his gun and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward .	one of the men checks what and readjust his it ?	gun


27986	He opens the fridge and takes out sandwich ingredients .	he opens what and takes out sandwich ingredients ?	fridge
27986	He opens the fridge and takes out sandwich ingredients .	what does he open ?	fridge


27995	The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product .	the lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows what ?	product
27995	The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product .	what does the lady chef show ?	product


28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	the lady puts what on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip ?	clip
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	what does the lady put on the girls lip ?	clip


28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	the lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks what through her lip ?	needle
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	what does the lady stick through her lip ?	needle


28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	the lady slides what through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it ?	earring
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	what does the lady slide through the girls lip ?	earring


28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	the lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts what on it ?	disinfectant
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	what does the lady put on it ?	disinfectant


28015	After , the person puts stripes on the border of the shims , then put the carpet .	, then put what ?	carpet
28015	After , the person puts stripes on the border of the shims , then put the carpet .	what do , then put ?	carpet


28031	He moves forward a little and spits out some toothpaste .	he moves forward a little and spits out what ?	toothpaste
28031	He moves forward a little and spits out some toothpaste .	what does he spit out ?	toothpaste


28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	the guy pours what in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object ?	product
28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	what does the guy pour in a container ?	product


NEW

28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	where does the guy pour product . ?	container


28156	The man pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles .	the man pull out how many tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles ?	one
28156	The man pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles .	how many tire do the man pull out of the roof ?	one


28174	A young man enters the arena and untie the calf .	the young man enters the arena and untie what ?	calf
28174	A young man enters the arena and untie the calf .	what do the young man untie ?	calf


NEW

28210	coffe is being served in a cup and is shown the benefits of the coffee in the body .	where is coffe being served . ?	cup


28243	All of a sudden , the man walks through the subway and gets off his skateboard until he gets to his destination .	all of a sudden , the man walks through the subway and gets off what ?	skateboard
28243	All of a sudden , the man walks through the subway and gets off his skateboard until he gets to his destination .	what does all of a sudden , the man get off ?	skateboard


28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	man put what in the pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate ?	ingredients
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	what do man put in the pan ?	ingredients


28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook what with the salad and serve it in a plate ?	chicken
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	what do man cook with the salad ?	chicken


NEW

28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	where do man put the ingredients . ?	pan


28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	the man holds what out and pretends to hit another people holding swords ?	swords
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	what does the man hold out ?	swords


28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	the man holds how many swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords ?	two
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	how many swords does the man hold out ?	two


28262	He demonstrates again and hands the swords to another man .	he demonstrates again and hands what to another man ?	swords
28262	He demonstrates again and hands the swords to another man .	what does he hand to another man ?	swords


28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	the man is holding what and puts it on the ground ?	shoe
28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	what is the man holding ?	shoe


28305	The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force .	the athlete spins his body around and tosses what with maximum force ?	disc
28305	The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force .	what does the athlete toss with maximum force ?	disc


28321	She forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall .	she forgets what and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall ?	scissors
28321	She forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall .	what does she forget ?	scissors


NEW

28361	The man sits down in a lawn chair and enjoys the day .	where does the man sit down . ?	chair


28393	A man takes a hookah and exhales smoke rings .	the man takes a hookah and exhales what ?	rings
28393	A man takes a hookah and exhales smoke rings .	what does the man exhale ?	rings


28404	A man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof .	the man climbs what and looks at a roof ?	ladder
28404	A man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof .	what does the man climb ?	ladder


28425	The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance .	the girl then throws what up into the air and hits it off into the distance ?	ball
28425	The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance .	what does the girl then throw up into the air ?	ball


28463	A person then pulls up a pinata and begins swinging at the object .	the person then pulls up what and begins swinging at the object ?	pinata
28463	A person then pulls up a pinata and begins swinging at the object .	what does the person then pull up ?	pinata


28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	she grabs what and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat ?	pole
28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	what does she grab ?	pole


28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	she grabs a pole and runs down what jumping over a bar and onto a mat ?	track
28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	what does she run down jumping over a bar and onto a mat ?	track


28519	Then he gets soap and starts to wash his hands very throughly .	then he gets what and starts to wash his hands very throughly ?	soap
28519	Then he gets soap and starts to wash his hands very throughly .	what does then he get ?	soap


28520	He grabs a napkin and dries his hands off still continuing to speak .	he grabs what and dries his hands off still ?	napkin
28520	He grabs a napkin and dries his hands off still continuing to speak .	what does he grab ?	napkin


28533	A man leaved the room and looks into the camera .	the man leaved what and looks into the camera ?	room
28533	A man leaved the room and looks into the camera .	what did the man leave ?	room


28541	He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven .	he mixes what in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven ?	ingredients
28541	He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven .	what does he mix in a blender ?	ingredients


NEW

28541	He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven .	where does he mix more ingredients . ?	blender


28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	the blue character chops what but fails several times ?	block
28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	what does the blue character chop ?	block


28578	He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish .	he grabs what and puts it in the glass to finish ?	lemon
28578	He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish .	what does he grab ?	lemon


28691	The lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it .	the lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts what on it ?	circle
28691	The lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it .	what does the lady put on it ?	circle


28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	the lady puts what on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it ?	dome
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what does the lady put on top of a black one ?	dome


28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	the lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put what with holes on top of it ?	dome
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what did the lady put with holes on top of it ?	dome


28698	The person uses a fishing pole on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish .	the person uses fishing what on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish ?	pole
28698	The person uses a fishing pole on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish .	what does the person use fishing on the hole ?	pole


28706	The boy change clothes and continues playing the piano .	the boy change what and continues playing the piano ?	clothes
28706	The boy change clothes and continues playing the piano .	what do the boy change ?	clothes


28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	the boys then switch what and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing ?	toys
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	what do the boys then switch ?	toys


28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	the boys then switch toys and open what ?	candy
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	what do the boys then open ?	candy


28768	the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body .	the guys play what and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body ?	drums
28768	the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body .	what do the guys play ?	drums


28813	The man then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song .	the man then begins to play how many guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song ?	one
28813	The man then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song .	how many guitar does the man then begin to play that is on his lap with his fingers ?	one


28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	the group of girls hold what and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope ?	ropes
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	what do the group of girls hold ?	ropes


28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	the group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump what ?	rope
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	what do the group of girls jump ?	rope


28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	the group of girls hold how many ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope ?	two
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	how many ropes do the group of girls hold ?	two


28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	she looks what and gave her cat some cat food ?	paws
28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	what does she look ?	paws


28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	she looks his back paws and gave her cat what ?	food
28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	what did she give her cat ?	food


28903	the girl congratlate the cat and put him on the floor .	the girl congratlate what and put him on the floor ?	cat
28903	the girl congratlate the cat and put him on the floor .	what do the girl congratlate ?	cat


NEW

28907	man is talknig to the camera and is holding an emery in a machine room .	where is man holding an emery . ?	room


28961	Both the girl and the boy are taking turns in returning the punches and kicks to the coach .	both the girl and the boy are taking what in returning the punches and kicks to the coach ?	turns
28961	Both the girl and the boy are taking turns in returning the punches and kicks to the coach .	what are both the girl and the boy taking in returning the punches ?	turns


28964	The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child .	the kids kick their feet around and show how many instructor helping a child ?	one
28964	The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child .	how many instructor do the kids show helping a child ?	one


28969	He picks the mop up and puts it in the air .	he picks what up and puts it in the air ?	mop
28969	He picks the mop up and puts it in the air .	what does he pick up ?	mop


28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	he shows off what as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around ?	bicycle
28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	what does he show off as well as camera ?	bicycle


28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	he shows off his bike as well as what and leads into several clips of him riding around ?	camera
28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	what does he show off his bike as well as ?	camera


28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	he jumps off what and ties the calf ?	horse
28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	what does he jump off ?	horse


28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	he jumps off his horse and ties what ?	calf
28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	what does he tie ?	calf


28993	The man quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left .	the man quickly only hits what and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left ?	bongos
28993	The man quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left .	the man quickly only hits what ?	bongos


29038	A man sits at a table and plays blackjack .	the man sits at a table and plays what ?	blackjack
29038	A man sits at a table and plays blackjack .	what does the man play ?	blackjack


29091	The girls hold up a product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around .	the girls hold up what and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around ?	product
29091	The girls hold up a product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around .	what do the girls hold up ?	product


29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	the child is seen and begins what in a sink ?	dishes
29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	what does the child begin in a sink ?	dishes


NEW

29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	where does the child begin washes dishes . ?	sink


29185	The children gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit .	the children gets off what and walk to the exit ?	cars
29185	The children gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit .	what does the children get off ?	cars


29209	The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess .	the man hits the doll and bounces what around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess ?	ball
29209	The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess .	what does the man bounce around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess ?	ball


29210	The people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he ball smashes walls .	the people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he what ?	walls
29210	The people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he ball smashes walls .	which does the people laugh and the man create a whirlpool in the well breaks and he what ?	walls


29223	As he continues , he grabs a beanie and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier .	, he grabs what and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier ?	beanie
29223	As he continues , he grabs a beanie and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier .	what does , he grab ?	beanie


29236	The men finish their beers and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides .	the men finish what and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides ?	beers
29236	The men finish their beers and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides .	what do the men finish ?	beers


29246	Almost to the end of her routine the woman drops the baton twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end .	almost to the end of her routine the woman drops what twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end ?	baton
29246	Almost to the end of her routine the woman drops the baton twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end .	what does almost to the end of her routine the woman drop twice ?	baton


29256	The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off .	the man picks up what soaking in sink and washes them off ?	silverware
29256	The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off .	what does the man pick up soaking in sink ?	silverware


29259	The man turns off the water and drains the sink .	the man turns off the water and drains what ?	sink
29259	The man turns off the water and drains the sink .	what does the man drain ?	sink


29281	He holds up the shoes as well as cleaning products and begins using them on the shoes .	he holds up the shoes as well as cleaning what and begins using them on the shoes ?	products
29281	He holds up the shoes as well as cleaning products and begins using them on the shoes .	what does he hold up the shoes as well as cleaning ?	products


29284	man pour a liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it .	man pour a liquid on water and cleans what with a brush and with a wipe polish it ?	shoe
29284	man pour a liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it .	what does man clean with a brush and with a wipe polish it ?	shoe


29323	Apply the tiles in the same exact direction .	apply what in the same exact direction ?	tiles
29323	Apply the tiles in the same exact direction .	what do apply in the same exact direction ?	tiles


29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	the person shows what on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread ?	bacon
29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	what does the person show on a dish ?	bacon


29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	the person shows bacon on a dish , then puts what on two pieces of bread ?	mayonnaise
29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	what does the person put on two pieces of bread ?	mayonnaise


29344	The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man .	the barber grabs what and slowly shaves the head of the man ?	razor
29344	The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man .	what does the barber grab ?	razor


29374	The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder , leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object .	the man then puts what on and attached the stick to a holder , ?	helmet
29374	The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder , leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object .	the man then puts what on ?	helmet


29381	The cowboy jumps off the horse and runs after the cow .	the cowboy jumps off what and runs after the cow ?	horse
29381	The cowboy jumps off the horse and runs after the cow .	what does the cowboy jump off ?	horse


29442	The man presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one .	the man presents what and holds them up showing each one ?	ingredient
29442	The man presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one .	what does the man present ?	ingredient


NEW

29504	The little girl , then turns the water on and spits several times in the sink .	where does the little girl , spit several times . ?	sink


29509	She pins up her and puts put a headband in her hair .	she pins up her and puts put what in her hair ?	headband
29509	She pins up her and puts put a headband in her hair .	what does she put put in her hair ?	headband


29510	She then puts in more fake hair as well as doing her makeup .	she then puts in more fake hair as well as doing what ?	makeup
29510	She then puts in more fake hair as well as doing her makeup .	what is she then doing ?	makeup


29524	She stands up and grabs her purse , continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves .	she stands up and grabs what , ?	purse
29524	She stands up and grabs her purse , continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves .	what does she grab ?	purse


29544	Next , she begins cutting each of the ingredients and adds butter to a skillet .	next , she begins and adds what to a skillet ?	butter
29544	Next , she begins cutting each of the ingredients and adds butter to a skillet .	what does next , she add to a skillet ?	butter


29562	They then put lotion all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end .	they then put what all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end ?	lotion
29562	They then put lotion all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end .	what did they then put all over their legs ?	lotion


29578	She grabs a while bar and holds it next to her .	she grabs what and holds it next to her ?	bar
29578	She grabs a while bar and holds it next to her .	what does she grab ?	bar


29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	she puts what down and picks up a kettle bell ?	bar
29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	what does she put down ?	bar


29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	she puts the bar down and picks up what ?	bell
29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	what does she pick up ?	bell


29580	She lifts the kettle bell and puts it back down .	she lifts what and puts it back down ?	bell
29580	She lifts the kettle bell and puts it back down .	what does she lift ?	bell


29584	The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on .	the woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns what on ?	burners
29584	The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on .	what does the woman turn on ?	burners


29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	she stirs what , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente ?	pasta
29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	what does she stir ?	pasta


29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	she stirs the pasta , and then empties what in a colander once the pasta is al dente ?	pot
29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	she then empties what in a colander once the pasta is al dente ?	pot


29587	She returns the pasta to the pot and adds olive oil .	she returns what to the pot and adds olive oil ?	pasta
29587	She returns the pasta to the pot and adds olive oil .	what does she return to the pot ?	pasta


29596	He then holds up a razor and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown .	he then holds up what and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown ?	razor
29596	He then holds up a razor and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown .	what does he then hold up ?	razor


29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	the man now turns and runs down what shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him ?	sidewalk
29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	what does the man now run down shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him ?	sidewalk


29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	the man does not turn around and shovel what again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog ?	sidewalk
29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	what does the man do not turn around and shovel again ?	sidewalk


NEW

29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	where does the man carry the snow . ?	shovel


29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig what ?	uniform
29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	what is little kid in a table wearnig ?	uniform


29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	man is holding what and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball ?	ball
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	what is man holding ?	ball


29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw what ?	ball
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	man is walking in a wooden court and throw what ?	ball


29621	When the girl is finished performing , she grabs a beanie , holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her .	, she grabs what , holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her ?	beanie
29621	When the girl is finished performing , she grabs a beanie , holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her .	what does , she grab ?	beanie


29625	She finishes the drink and sets it down .	she finishes what and sets it down ?	drink
29625	She finishes the drink and sets it down .	what does she finish ?	drink


29630	The boy bends down , picks up a spray bottle and squirts it on the floor .	the boy bends down , picks up what and squirts it on the floor ?	bottle
29630	The boy bends down , picks up a spray bottle and squirts it on the floor .	what does the boy pick up ?	bottle


29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	he then moves what back and forth and cleans the floor ?	broom
29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	what does he then move back and forth ?	broom


29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	he then moves the broom back and forth and cleans what ?	floor
29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	what does he then clean ?	floor


NEW

29674	A young girl is outside running down the road between a forest and then ends up in the airport .	where does the young girl end up . ?	airport


NEW

29676	The plane lands and she is in a cabin and begins skiing at a resort .	where is the plane lands and she . ?	cabin


29731	The little girls hold the sticks up and jump turning around .	the little girls hold what up and jump turning around ?	sticks
29731	The little girls hold the sticks up and jump turning around .	what do the little girls hold up ?	sticks


29736	Then , the man plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand .	then , the man plays what with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand ?	tam-tam
29736	Then , the man plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand .	what does then , the man play with his right hand ?	tam-tam


29738	The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man .	the man stops and throws what and returns it to the man ?	frisbee
29738	The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man .	what does the man stop and throws ?	frisbee


NEW

29776	A boy finishes , throws his arms up and spins in his chair .	where does the boy spin . ?	chair


29797	He stops welding , lifts his face mask and adjusts things in the table .	he stops welding , lifts what and adjusts things in the table ?	mask
29797	He stops welding , lifts his face mask and adjusts things in the table .	what does he lift ?	mask


29798	He then lowers his face mask and starts welding again .	he then lowers what and starts welding again ?	mask
29798	He then lowers his face mask and starts welding again .	what does he then lower ?	mask


29799	He stops and lifts his mask again .	he stops and lifts what again ?	mask
29799	He stops and lifts his mask again .	what does he lift again ?	mask


29815	The man dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team .	the man dispute what with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team ?	ball
29815	The man dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team .	what do the man dispute with other player , the man continues playing an scoring for his team ?	ball


NEW

29896	man is sitting in a tube and make tricks in a skate park , other man is sitting watching him .	where is man sitting , other man is sitting watching him . ?	tube


29899	She shoots the ball and walks away .	she shoots what and walks away ?	ball
29899	She shoots the ball and walks away .	what does she shoot ?	ball


29951	She sets the drink down and starts talking .	she sets what down and starts talking ?	drink
29951	She sets the drink down and starts talking .	what does she set down ?	drink


29971	The gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event .	the gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts what ?	horse
29971	The gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event .	what does the gymnast mount ?	horse


29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	boy is putting what and is fixing his skateboard ?	helmet
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	what is boy putting ?	helmet


29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing what ?	skateboard
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	what is boy fixing ?	skateboard


30005	The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car .	the attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver what ?	car
30005	The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car .	what does the attendant help her maneuver ?	car


30008	A group of teens meet on the road and watch a teen skateboard .	the group of teens meet on the road and watch what ?	skateboard
30008	A group of teens meet on the road and watch a teen skateboard .	what do the group of teens watch ?	skateboard


30009	A teen enters a skateboard ramp and skateboard around .	the teen enters what and skateboard around ?	ramp
30009	A teen enters a skateboard ramp and skateboard around .	what does the teen enter ?	ramp


30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	the chef then chops what and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine ?	romaine
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	the chef then chops what and places them in a silver bin ?	romaine


30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	the chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes what with the romaine ?	endive
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	what does the chef mix with the romaine ?	endive


30049	Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate .	finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places what on a white plate ?	salad
30049	Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate .	what does finally he place on a white plate ?	salad


30056	He then glides the knife down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners .	he then glides what down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners ?	knife
30056	He then glides the knife down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners .	what does he then glide down the sharpener ?	knife


30074	The man unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag .	the man unwraps what and takes it out of the bag ?	product
30074	The man unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag .	what does the man unwrap ?	product


30088	The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice .	the man grabs fishing what and starts fishing in the hole in the ice ?	pole
30088	The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice .	what does the man grab fishing ?	pole


30090	The man pulls a fish out of the water and poses with it .	the man pulls what out of the water and poses with it ?	fish
30090	The man pulls a fish out of the water and poses with it .	what does the man pull out of the water ?	fish


30092	The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole .	the man kisses what and releases it back into the hole ?	fish
30092	The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole .	what does the man kiss ?	fish


30106	The man then pretends , then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum .	the man then pretends , then actually vacuums what with the vacuum ?	floor
30106	The man then pretends , then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum .	the man then actually vacuums what with the vacuum ?	floor


30116	He puts the skateboard down and begins skating on an asphalt road .	he puts what down and begins skating on an asphalt road ?	skateboard
30116	He puts the skateboard down and begins skating on an asphalt road .	what does he put down ?	skateboard


30127	The lady lifts the mower and backs up .	the lady lifts what and backs up ?	mower
30127	The lady lifts the mower and backs up .	what does the lady lift ?	mower


30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put what on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	cleaner
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	what did the woman put on a cloth , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	cleaner


30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans what , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	sink
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	what does the woman clean , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	sink


30188	The cameraman stops the vehicle and gets out .	the cameraman stops what and gets out ?	vehicle
30188	The cameraman stops the vehicle and gets out .	what does the cameraman stop ?	vehicle


30189	We see the full vehicle from the front and see the field .	we see what from the front and see the field ?	vehicle
30189	We see the full vehicle from the front and see the field .	what do we see from the front ?	vehicle


30223	The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , skip and jump .	the man drops what from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , ?	necklace
30223	The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , skip and jump .	what does the man drop from his mouth ?	necklace


30252	One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike .	one rider crashes over a jump and falls off what ?	bicycle
30252	One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike .	what does one rider fall off ?	bicycle


30253	The other rider slows down and pulls off the track .	the other rider slows down and pulls off what ?	track
30253	The other rider slows down and pulls off the track .	what does the other rider pull off ?	track


30262	The man stops and cleans out the razor .	the man stops and cleans out what ?	razor
30262	The man stops and cleans out the razor .	what does the man clean out ?	razor


30307	He shakes up a bottle and takes a drink before choking .	he shakes up what and takes a drink before choking ?	bottle
30307	He shakes up a bottle and takes a drink before choking .	what does he shake up ?	bottle


30310	He stands up and pulls a fish out of the hole .	he stands up and pulls what out of the hole ?	fish
30310	He stands up and pulls a fish out of the hole .	what does he pull out of the hole ?	fish


30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	he cuts what out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice ?	hook
30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	what does he cut out of the fish ?	hook


30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	he cuts the hook out of the fish and throws what on the ice ?	fish
30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	what does he throw on the ice ?	fish


30331	A young lady speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite .	the young lady speaks on screen and then drives what while holding the flying kite ?	tractor
30331	A young lady speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite .	the young lady then drives what while holding the flying kite ?	tractor


30357	The man pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera .	the man pulls out what and continues to show it off to the camera ?	harmonica
30357	The man pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera .	what does the man pull out ?	harmonica


30358	The man plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture .	the man plays what and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture ?	harmonica
30358	The man plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture .	what does the man play ?	harmonica


30425	He finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera .	he finishes the glass in record time and turns off what ?	camera
30425	He finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera .	what does he turn off ?	camera


30435	kid pulls the thread and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies .	kid pulls what and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies ?	thread
30435	kid pulls the thread and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies .	what does kid pull ?	thread


30443	More people are seen padding along and move over to the people in the water .	more people are seen what along and move over to the people in the water ?	padding
30443	More people are seen padding along and move over to the people in the water .	what are more people seen along ?	padding


30466	A serves a ball and plays while people watch the game in a beach .	a serves what and plays while people watch the game in a beach ?	ball
30466	A serves a ball and plays while people watch the game in a beach .	what does a serve ?	ball


30475	A goalie tries to block a ball and does the splits but misses the ball .	the goalie tries and does the splits but misses what ?	ball
30475	A goalie tries to block a ball and does the splits but misses the ball .	what does the goalie miss ?	ball


NEW

30476	woman is standing in a kitchen and is eating a cake full of cream .	where is woman standing . ?	kitchen


30532	men is holding a bucket and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it .	men is holding what and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it ?	bucket
30532	men is holding a bucket and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it .	what is men holding ?	bucket


30566	The men hit the ball back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time .	the men hit what back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time ?	ball
30566	The men hit the ball back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time .	what did the men hit back ?	ball


30585	The man sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin .	the man sweeps what in a circle and puts them in the bin ?	leaves
30585	The man sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin .	what does the man sweep in a circle ?	leaves


30587	The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin .	the man sweeps again and puts what in the bin ?	leaves
30587	The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin .	what does the man put in the bin ?	leaves


30603	A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl .	the person cuts what and put in a bowl ?	pepper
30603	A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl .	what does the person cut ?	pepper


NEW

30603	A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl .	where did the person put . ?	bowl


30604	Also , the person cook noodles in a pot .	also , the person cook what in a pot ?	noodles
30604	Also , the person cook noodles in a pot .	what do also , the person cook in a pot ?	noodles


NEW

30604	Also , the person cook noodles in a pot .	where do also , the person cook noodles . ?	pot


30619	He drops the lens on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye .	he drops what on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye ?	lens
30619	He drops the lens on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye .	what does he drop on the sink ?	lens


30620	He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end .	he drops what again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end ?	lens
30620	He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end .	what does he drop again and the camera moves around in the end ?	lens


NEW

30628	She serves the pasta in a square brown plate and takes a spoonful of the pasta to taste it .	where does she serve the pasta . ?	plate


30635	He moves the stump and tries to chop it again .	he moves what and tries to chop it again ?	stump
30635	He moves the stump and tries to chop it again .	what does he move ?	stump


30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave what ?	bow
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt then gave what ?	bow


30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt won and then how many team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow ?	two
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt won and then how many team shake hands and hugged each other ?	two


30658	A lady sits back , talks , and drinks coffee .	the lady sits back , talks , and drinks what ?	coffee
30658	A lady sits back , talks , and drinks coffee .	what does the lady drink ?	coffee


30661	Then , the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min .	then , the man turns off what and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min ?	stove
30661	Then , the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min .	what does then , the man turn off ?	stove


30663	A woman comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up .	the woman comes and taste what and gives a thump up ?	pasta
30663	A woman comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up .	the woman taste what and gives a thump up ?	pasta


30704	She opens a bottle with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too .	she opens what with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too ?	bottle
30704	She opens a bottle with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too .	what does she open with her teeth ?	bottle


30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	the woman holds what up and shows the salad while smiling ?	bowl
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	what does the woman hold up ?	bowl


30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	the woman holds the bowl up and shows what while smiling ?	salad
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	what does the woman show while smiling ?	salad


30730	The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth .	the person pours what out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth ?	toothpaste
30730	The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth .	what does the person pour out onto a brush ?	toothpaste


30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	they grab what and use the scissors to cut it up ?	pieces
30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	what do they grab ?	pieces


30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	they grab some pieces and use what ?	scissors
30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	what do they use ?	scissors


NEW

30741	Then throw the grass they cut back behind them .	what do then throw ?	grass


30793	He continues moving the objects on the wall and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents the shelves he 's made .	he continues and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents what ?	shelves
30793	He continues moving the objects on the wall and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents the shelves he 's made .	he then nails them down with a nail gun and presents what ?	shelves


30807	A person enters the room and walk on front the children .	the person enters what and walk on front the children ?	room
30807	A person enters the room and walk on front the children .	what does the person enter ?	room


30815	She grabs a shovel and walks away .	she grabs what and walks away ?	shovel
30815	She grabs a shovel and walks away .	what does she grab ?	shovel


30836	The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms .	the man releases what and lowers his arms ?	hammer
30836	The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms .	what does the man release ?	hammer


30845	He rolls up a carpet and sets it aside .	he rolls up what and sets it aside ?	carpet
30845	He rolls up a carpet and sets it aside .	what does he roll up ?	carpet


30878	A man fills a hookah with water and sets it on a table .	the man fills what with water and sets it on a table ?	hookah
30878	A man fills a hookah with water and sets it on a table .	what does the man fill with water ?	hookah


30879	He puts tobacco in a device and covers it with tin foil .	he puts what in a device and covers it with tin foil ?	tobacco
30879	He puts tobacco in a device and covers it with tin foil .	what does he put in a device ?	tobacco


30885	A toddler iron a garment on a toy board .	the toddler iron what on a toy board ?	garment
30885	A toddler iron a garment on a toy board .	what do the toddler iron on a toy board ?	garment


30886	The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it .	the toddler sprays what and folds , then she continues ironing it ?	garment
30886	The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it .	what does the toddler spray , then she continues ironing it ?	garment


NEW

30899	A man jumps in the pool and swims freestyle .	where does the man jump . ?	pool


30938	The hand places two fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe .	the hand places how many fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe ?	two
30938	The hand places two fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe .	how many fingers does the hand place inside the rug ?	two


30968	The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger .	the man removes what and places it on a hanger ?	shirt
30968	The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger .	what does the man remove ?	shirt


30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	the dealer counts what and gives the man chips ?	money
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	what does the dealer count ?	money


30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	the dealer counts the money and gives the man what ?	chips
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	what does the dealer give the man ?	chips


31011	He picks up a rubiks cube and completes it .	he picks up what and completes it ?	cube
31011	He picks up a rubiks cube and completes it .	what does he pick up ?	cube


31036	The man stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on .	the man stops what and gets the other person off while climbing back on ?	camel
31036	The man stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on .	what does the man stop ?	camel


31133	They water ski on the frozen water path .	they water what on the frozen water path ?	ski
31133	They water ski on the frozen water path .	what do they water on the frozen water path ?	ski


31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	the hand pour a drop of cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe what with yellow cloth ?	counter
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	what do the hand wipe with yellow cloth ?	counter


31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	the young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops what with a yellow mini mop ?	ramp
31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	what does the young boy mop with a yellow mini mop ?	ramp


31216	The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud .	the man then lifts what up then back down and screams out loud ?	bar
31216	The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud .	what does the man then lift up then back down ?	bar


31228	She places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows the cookies she made after they are done .	she places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows what ?	cookies
31228	She places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows the cookies she made after they are done .	what does she show ?	cookies


31252	The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine .	the driver gets out and inserts what into a machine ?	money
31252	The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine .	what did the driver insert into a machine ?	money


31381	Another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks a ball and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball .	another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks what and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball ?	ball
31381	Another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks a ball and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball .	what does another man in tshirt and black sweats kick ?	ball


31427	The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree .	the man cuts what and begins putting mulch all around the tree ?	tarp
31427	The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree .	what does the man cut ?	tarp


31439	The girl then rides down the slide smiling and walks away .	the girl then rides down what smiling and walks away ?	slide
31439	The girl then rides down the slide smiling and walks away .	the girl then rides down what smiling ?	slide


31441	A bartender picks up a stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it .	the bartender picks up what and scoops ice into it ?	cup
31441	A bartender picks up a stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it .	what does the bartender pick up ?	cup


31442	The bartender pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup .	the bartender pours what into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup ?	liquors
31442	The bartender pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup .	what does the bartender pour into a shot glass ?	liquors


31443	The bartender caps the cup and shakes vigorously .	the bartender caps what and shakes vigorously ?	cup
31443	The bartender caps the cup and shakes vigorously .	what does the bartender cap ?	cup


31458	He picks up a green can and takes a drink .	he picks up what and takes a drink ?	can
31458	He picks up a green can and takes a drink .	what does he pick up ?	can


31472	She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel .	she sprays what with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel ?	surface
31472	She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel .	what did she spray with the spray ?	surface


NEW

31493	A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket , then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee .	where does the young man put detergent . ?	bucket


31495	The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up .	the young man compares what with the clean one and gives a thump up ?	screen
31495	The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up .	what does the young man compare with the clean one ?	screen


31526	A girl enters a room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar .	the girl enters what and begins to play the guitar ?	room
31526	A girl enters a room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar .	what does the girl enter ?	room


31527	The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar .	the girl uses her right hand and picks what with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar ?	chords
31527	The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar .	what does the girl pick with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar ?	chords


31553	The man then gets up and approaches the camera .	the man then gets up and approaches what ?	camera
31553	The man then gets up and approaches the camera .	what does the man then approach ?	camera


31572	He climbs up the slide and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too .	he climbs up what and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too ?	slide
31572	He climbs up the slide and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too .	what does he climb up ?	slide


NEW

31601	The woman grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink .	where does the woman show how she washes them . ?	sink


31605	She then holds a cup under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it 's filled up .	she then holds what under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it 's filled up ?	cup
31605	She then holds a cup under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it 's filled up .	what does she then hold under a foam dispenser ?	cup


31647	He moves the sander all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera .	he moves what all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera ?	sander
31647	He moves the sander all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera .	what does he move all along the board ?	sander


NEW

31653	man is helping a woman wear the stilts and walks in a gym room playing basketball with oher players .	where does man walk playing basketball with oher players . ?	room


31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	the woman stands in bathroom and then places contact what into her eye ?	lens
31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	the woman then places contact what into her eye ?	lens


NEW

31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	where does the woman stand . ?	bathroom


31734	They sweep the floor again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up .	they sweep what again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up ?	floor
31734	They sweep the floor again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up .	what did they sweep again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second ?	floor


31750	The lady rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel .	the lady rinses what and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel ?	dog
31750	The lady rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel .	what does the lady rinse ?	dog


31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	she grabs what and dips it into black paint repeatedly , ?	paintbrush
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	what does she grab ?	paintbrush


31778	She finishes her painting and speaks for a bit .	she finishes what and speaks for a bit ?	painting
31778	She finishes her painting and speaks for a bit .	what does she finish ?	painting


31805	They lose their gopro device , and have to scuba to find it , taking more than two weeks to locate the still working device .	they lose what , and have to scuba to find it , ?	device
31805	They lose their gopro device , and have to scuba to find it , taking more than two weeks to locate the still working device .	what do they lose ?	device


31851	Next , the woman fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle .	next , the woman fills what with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle ?	container
31851	Next , the woman fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle .	what does next , the woman fill with baby products ?	container


31852	A boy picks up a bowling ball and runs down the lane .	the boy picks up bowling what and runs down the lane ?	ball
31852	A boy picks up a bowling ball and runs down the lane .	what does the boy pick up bowling ?	ball


31883	He dismounts , then ties the calf .	he dismounts , then ties what ?	calf
31883	He dismounts , then ties the calf .	what does he tie ?	calf


31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	then , the man puts what in a metal triangle and arrange others balls ?	balls
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	what does then , the man put in a metal triangle ?	balls


31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange what ?	balls
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	what do then , the man arrange ?	balls


31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	next , the young man strikes what and sends a white ball to a pocket ?	balls
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	what does next , the young man strike ?	balls


31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	next , the young man strikes the balls and sends what to a pocket ?	ball
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	what does next , the young man send to a pocket ?	ball


31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	the man strikes what and send balls in the pocket ?	ball
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	what does the man strike ?	ball


31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	the man strikes a white ball and send what in the pocket ?	balls
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	what do the man send in the pocket ?	balls


NEW

31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	where do the man send balls . ?	pocket


31934	Each line picks up the rope and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches .	each line picks up what and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches ?	rope
31934	Each line picks up the rope and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches .	what does each line pick up ?	rope


31938	The woman then grabs a pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top .	the woman then grabs what from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top ?	sole
31938	The woman then grabs a pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top .	what does the woman then grab from the shoe ?	sole


31958	The man rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope .	the man rides into the pit and chases what with a rope ?	calf
31958	The man rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope .	what does the man chase with a rope ?	calf


31959	The man ties up the calf after it 's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf .	the man ties up what and climbs back on the horse ?	calf
31959	The man ties up the calf after it 's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf .	what does the man tie up ?	calf


31981	The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch .	the girl then throws what and begins playing a game of hopscotch ?	rock
31981	The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch .	what does the girl then throw ?	rock


32023	The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew .	the woman holds what and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew ?	knife
32023	The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew .	what does the woman hold she drew ?	knife


32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	the woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts what in a halloween themed paper cup ?	seeds
32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	what does the woman put in a halloween themed paper cup ?	seeds


NEW

32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	where does the woman put the seeds . ?	cup


NEW

32032	man is spreading toothpaste in toothbrush and wash their tooth .	where is man spreading toothpaste . ?	toothbrush


32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	the man puts what away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves ?	tools
32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	what does the man put away in the shed ?	tools


NEW

32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	where does the man put his tools away . ?	shed


32054	A man ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking .	the man ties what into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking ?	rope
32054	A man ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking .	what does the man tie into place ?	rope


32057	He puts the pipe away and takes a swing out of an energy drink .	he puts what away and takes a swing out of an energy drink ?	pipe
32057	He puts the pipe away and takes a swing out of an energy drink .	what does he put away ?	pipe


32058	He moves the camera to show another man and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man .	he moves what and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man ?	camera
32058	He moves the camera to show another man and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man .	what does he move ?	camera


32078	He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair .	he uses what and scissors to point cut his hair ?	comb
32078	He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair .	what does he use ?	comb


NEW

32094	two guys appears in a backyard and are speaking to the camera .	where does two guys appear . ?	backyard


32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	the women then mix what into a pot and then mix everything together in a bowl ?	ingredients
32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	what do the women then mix into a pot ?	ingredients


NEW

32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	where do the women then mix everything together . ?	bowl


32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	dog is wearing what and is doing exercise ?	necklace
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	what is dog wearing ?	necklace


32211	A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe .	the young man is seen and holds up what ?	axe
32211	A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe .	what does the young man hold up ?	axe


32220	We then see two girls representing the USA dive in unison and see their scores .	we then see how many girls representing the usa dive in unison and see their scores ?	two
32220	We then see two girls representing the USA dive in unison and see their scores .	how many girls do we then see representing the usa dive in unison ?	two


32224	She grabs a brush and cleans a window .	she grabs a brush and cleans what ?	window
32224	She grabs a brush and cleans a window .	what does she clean ?	window


32225	She grabs a squeegee and removes the excess water from the window .	she grabs what and removes the excess water from the window ?	squeegee
32225	She grabs a squeegee and removes the excess water from the window .	what does she grab ?	squeegee


32269	A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point .	the member of the blue team battles how many defenders near goal and makes a point ?	two
32269	A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point .	how many defenders does the member of the blue team battle near goal ?	two


NEW

32303	A man in orange stop is skateboarding in the dark street and fell on the ground .	where is the man in orange stop skateboarding . ?	street


32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	the camera man opens what and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub ?	door
32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	what does the camera man open ?	door


32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	the man removes what and then jacks the car up ?	nuts
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	what does the man remove ?	nuts


32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	the man removes the lug nuts and then jacks what up ?	car
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	the man then jacks what up ?	car


32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	the man then removes what and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car ?	tire
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	what does the man then remove ?	tire


32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	the man then removes the tire and pulls what off of the back of the car ?	tire
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	what does the man then pull off of the back of the car ?	tire


32427	The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground .	the girl misses what and then looses her grip and falls to the ground ?	bar
32427	The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground .	what does the girl miss ?	bar


32443	The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them .	the lady puts what on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them ?	tape
32443	The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them .	what does the lady put on her finger around her nail ?	tape


32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	the lady puts her nail in the cup and uses what ?	stick
32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	what does the lady use ?	stick


NEW

32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	where does the lady put her nail . ?	cup


32451	The girl goes into a stall and closes the door .	the girl goes into a stall and closes what ?	door
32451	The girl goes into a stall and closes the door .	what does the girl close ?	door


32480	He pulls a bar in front of him and starts working out .	he pulls what in front of him and starts working out ?	bar
32480	He pulls a bar in front of him and starts working out .	what does he pull in front of him ?	bar


32481	He drops the bar and finishes .	he drops what and finishes ?	bar
32481	He drops the bar and finishes .	what does he drop ?	bar


32494	The people kick a ball all around the area as well as throw their hands up .	the people kick what all around the area as well as throw their hands up ?	ball
32494	The people kick a ball all around the area as well as throw their hands up .	what do the people kick all around the area ?	ball


32537	The man finishes , grabs his shirt , and walks off .	the man finishes , grabs what , and walks off ?	shirt
32537	The man finishes , grabs his shirt , and walks off .	what does the man grab ?	shirt


32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	the two create hop what with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam ?	game
32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	what do the two create hop with the toy ?	game


32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	the two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off what ?	foam
32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	what do the two show off ?	foam


32573	Then , the person puts the camera down and begins working out on the track .	then , the person puts what down and begins working out on the track ?	camera
32573	Then , the person puts the camera down and begins working out on the track .	what does then , the person put down ?	camera


32594	He swings the knife back and forth , cutting the grass and weeds .	he swings what back and forth , and weeds ?	knife
32594	He swings the knife back and forth , cutting the grass and weeds .	what does he swing back and forth , ?	knife


32604	The woman then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car .	the woman then presents what and begins taking off the tire off of the car ?	tools
32604	The woman then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car .	what does the woman then present ?	tools


32605	She pulls out a new tire and places it on the car , screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk .	she pulls out what and places it on the car , screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk ?	tire
32605	She pulls out a new tire and places it on the car , screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk .	what does she pull out ?	tire


32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	she closes what and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera ?	trunk
32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	what does she close ?	trunk


32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	she closes the trunk and shows off what ?	car
32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	what does she show off ?	car


32634	A person 's hand turns a knob on the machine and begins running on the machine .	the person 's hand turns what on the machine and begins running on the machine ?	knob
32634	A person 's hand turns a knob on the machine and begins running on the machine .	what does the person 's hand turn on the machine ?	knob


32637	She turns around and faces the camera continuing to brush her hair and display its length .	she turns around and faces what continuing to brush her hair and display its length ?	camera
32637	She turns around and faces the camera continuing to brush her hair and display its length .	what does she face continuing to brush her hair and display its length ?	camera


32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	she sprays what tail and starts brushing it ?	horse
32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	what did she spray tail ?	horse


32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	she sprays what and starts brushing it ?	tail
32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	what did she spray ?	tail


NEW

32674	A girl walks in from the side and begins stomping in the room .	where does the girl begin stomping . ?	room


32681	We pan over the river .	we pan over what ?	river
32681	We pan over the river .	what do we pan over ?	river


32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	the man grabs what and moves it around in the pan ?	paintbrush
32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	what does the man grab ?	paintbrush


NEW

32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	where does the man move it around . ?	pan


32726	A man with no hands grabs a dart that is stuck to the board and walks backward .	the man with no hands grabs what and walks backward ?	dart
32726	A man with no hands grabs a dart that is stuck to the board and walks backward .	what does the man with no hands grab ?	dart


32762	He pumps a pump and then fills it with water .	he pumps what and then fills it with water ?	pump
32762	He pumps a pump and then fills it with water .	what does he pump ?	pump


NEW

32768	She pours oil into a hot pan and begins mixing ingredients together in the pan .	where does she begin mixing ingredients . ?	pan


32769	She boils noodles into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate .	she boils what into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate ?	noodles
32769	She boils noodles into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate .	what does she boil into a pot ?	noodles


32784	The people brush the horse all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them .	the people brush what all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them ?	horse
32784	The people brush the horse all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them .	what do the people brush all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them ?	horse


32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	the man wets what and runs a knife across two different blocks ?	block
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	what does the man wet ?	block


32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	the man wets the block and runs what across two different blocks ?	knife
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	what does the man run across two different blocks ?	knife


32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	the man grabs what and sharpens the knife on it ?	pole
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	what does the man grab ?	pole


32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	the man grabs a pole and sharpens what on it ?	knife
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	what does the man sharpen on it ?	knife


32869	After awhile , he stops the chain and begins to take two links out of the chain on the bike .	after awhile , he stops the chain and begins to take how many links out of the chain on the bike ?	two
32869	After awhile , he stops the chain and begins to take two links out of the chain on the bike .	how many links does after awhile , he begin to take out of the chain on the bike ?	two


32903	A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone .	the girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys what ?	cone
32903	A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone .	what does the girl enjoy ?	cone


32913	She holds up various products and rubs them through her hair .	she holds up what and rubs them through her hair ?	products
32913	She holds up various products and rubs them through her hair .	what does she hold up ?	products


32918	In the middle of the routine , he grabs several frisbees and gives them to the dog one by one as he kneels down in front of him .	in the middle of the routine , he grabs what and gives them to the dog one by one ?	frisbees
32918	In the middle of the routine , he grabs several frisbees and gives them to the dog one by one as he kneels down in front of him .	what does in the middle of the routine , he grab ?	frisbees


32950	He continues sharpening the object and shows the knife running across his bare skin .	he continues and shows what running across his bare skin ?	knife
32950	He continues sharpening the object and shows the knife running across his bare skin .	what does he show running across his bare skin ?	knife


NEW

33009	The woman then spits the rinse out in the sink , and proceeds to talk to the camera again .	where does the woman then spit the rinse out . ?	sink


33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	the man grabs what and wipe his face ?	towel
33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	what does the man grab ?	towel


33017	She adjusts the knobs and pushes the seat up .	she adjusts what and pushes the seat up ?	knobs
33017	She adjusts the knobs and pushes the seat up .	what does she adjust ?	knobs


33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	the man gets in his truck , puts what in the back of his truck and drives ?	surfboard
33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	what does the man put in the back of his truck ?	surfboard


NEW

33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	where does the man get . ?	truck


33056	They stand up and walk out the door .	they stand up and walk out what ?	door
33056	They stand up and walk out the door .	they walk out what ?	door


33061	A solo man spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels .	the solo man spins his body around on his hands and does what ?	cartwheels
33061	A solo man spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels .	what does the solo man do ?	cartwheels


33074	At the end of her song she removes the violin and smiles .	at the end of her song she removes what and smiles ?	violin
33074	At the end of her song she removes the violin and smiles .	what does at the end of her song she remove ?	violin


33105	The man makes a large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table .	the man makes what and sits down to play a few hands at the table ?	bet
33105	The man makes a large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table .	what does the man make ?	bet


33140	They hit the ball back and fourth across the table while people watch on the sides .	they hit what back and fourth across the table ?	ball
33140	They hit the ball back and fourth across the table while people watch on the sides .	what did they hit back ?	ball


33167	They open the gate , but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them .	they open what , but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them ?	gate
33167	They open the gate , but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them .	what do they open ?	gate


33168	A person shows and explains a lemon squeezer and shows the part were the lemon goes .	the person shows and explains what and shows the part were the lemon goes ?	squeezer
33168	A person shows and explains a lemon squeezer and shows the part were the lemon goes .	what does the person show and explains ?	squeezer


NEW

33170	Next , the person puts ice in a cup , and then squeeze a lemon using the lemon squeezer , add syrup and water from jugs .	where does next , the person put ice , add syrup and water from jugs . ?	cup


33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	then , the person put what on the cup and shake the mix ?	cover
33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	what did then , the person put on the cup ?	cover


33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake what ?	mix
33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	what do then , the person shake ?	mix


33193	A man picks up a shoe and puts it on his foot .	the man picks up what and puts it on his foot ?	shoe
33193	A man picks up a shoe and puts it on his foot .	what does the man pick up ?	shoe


33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	he then applies what , then ties the laces ?	shoe
33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	what does he then apply ?	shoe


33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	he then applies the other shoe , then ties what ?	laces
33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	what does he then tie ?	laces


33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	the man jumps off what and ties the bull up ?	horse
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	what does the man jump off ?	horse


33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	the man jumps off the horse and ties what up ?	bull
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	what does the man tie up ?	bull


33278	The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out .	the woman lays what on a dry one and dries it out ?	cloth
33278	The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out .	what does the woman lay on a dry one ?	cloth


33293	He picks up the skateboard and holds it in his hand .	he picks up what and holds it in his hand ?	skateboard
33293	He picks up the skateboard and holds it in his hand .	what does he pick up ?	skateboard


33294	He puts the skateboard back down and continues skateboarding .	he puts what back down and continues skateboarding ?	skateboard
33294	He puts the skateboard back down and continues skateboarding .	what does he put back down ?	skateboard


33332	She shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts a lotion into her hair .	she shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts what into her hair ?	lotion
33332	She shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts a lotion into her hair .	what does she put into her hair ?	lotion


33333	She combs the lotion in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel .	she combs what in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel ?	lotion
33333	She combs the lotion in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel .	what does she comb in thoroughly ?	lotion


33363	Various people ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating .	various people ride what and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating ?	bulls
33363	Various people ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating .	what do various people ride ?	bulls


NEW

33407	A young man in blue top roller blades in the railing and give high fives to his peers .	where did the young man in blue top roller blades . ?	railing


33415	A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata .	the woman runs up and adjusts what ?	pinata
33415	A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata .	what does the woman adjust ?	pinata


33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	the lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab what ?	bottle
33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	what do the lady grab ?	bottle


NEW

33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	where did the lady put the sno-bond flock . ?	strainer


33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	she dumps what into the glass and adds juice ?	bottle
33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	what did she dump into the glass ?	bottle


33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	she dumps a bottle into the glass and adds what ?	juice
33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	what does she add ?	juice


33447	She stirs the drink and sets it down on the counter .	she stirs what and sets it down on the counter ?	drink
33447	She stirs the drink and sets it down on the counter .	what does she stir ?	drink


33449	He sets the camera on his dashboard and continues talking .	he sets what on his dashboard and continues talking ?	camera
33449	He sets the camera on his dashboard and continues talking .	what does he set on his dashboard ?	camera


33450	He holds the coffee and takes several sips .	he holds what and takes several sips ?	coffee
33450	He holds the coffee and takes several sips .	what does he hold ?	coffee


33463	He then gets on his knees and adds spray paint to the machine and paints the wall .	he then gets on his knees and adds what to the machine and paints the wall ?	paint
33463	He then gets on his knees and adds spray paint to the machine and paints the wall .	what does he then add to the machine and paints the wall ?	paint


33471	The person removes the clamp and wipes it with a towel .	the person removes what and wipes it with a towel ?	clamp
33471	The person removes the clamp and wipes it with a towel .	what does the person remove ?	clamp


33507	He is holding a large machine and is seen pushing it all around the yard .	he is holding what and is seen pushing it all around the yard ?	machine
33507	He is holding a large machine and is seen pushing it all around the yard .	what is he holding ?	machine


33534	The person continues skiing and then two males appear talking to one another .	the person continues skiing and then how many males appear talking to one another ?	two
33534	The person continues skiing and then two males appear talking to one another .	the person then how many males appear talking to one another ?	two


33545	He uses the machine to rip up the roof and ends with a close up of the machine .	he uses what and ends with a close up of the machine ?	machine
33545	He uses the machine to rip up the roof and ends with a close up of the machine .	what does he use ?	machine


33555	A person repairs a bike chain and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking .	the person repairs what and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking ?	chain
33555	A person repairs a bike chain and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking .	what does the person repair ?	chain


NEW

33572	A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on .	where did the person dress . ?	canoe


33594	The walk off shore and speak to one another followed by the tubes hung up and the bus parked .	the walk off shore and speak to one and what parked ?	bus
33594	The walk off shore and speak to one another followed by the tubes hung up and the bus parked .	what do the walk off shore and speak to one and parked ?	bus


33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	first paint all of your nails blue and do what across them and dot little stars ?	stripe
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	what do first do across them ?	stripe


33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	first paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot what ?	stars
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	what do first dot ?	stars


NEW

33676	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of water boiling in a pot .	where does the man lead into shots of water boiling . ?	pot


33743	The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush , and then brush the teeth .	the boy stands on front the sink and puts what on the brush , and then brush the teeth ?	toothpaste
33743	The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush , and then brush the teeth .	what does the boy put on the brush , and then brush the teeth ?	toothpaste


33817	The woman dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera .	the woman dips what into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera ?	clothes
33817	The woman dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera .	what did the woman dip into the bucket ?	clothes


33819	The man stands up and washes the windshield .	the man stands up and washes what ?	windshield
33819	The man stands up and washes the windshield .	what does the man wash ?	windshield


33822	The Asian woman with the make up claps and then hits a clock that has a 10 second timer .	the asian woman with the make up claps and then hits what ?	clock
33822	The Asian woman with the make up claps and then hits a clock that has a 10 second timer .	the asian woman with the make up then hits what ?	clock


33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	two women quickly apply what to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces ?	makeup
33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	what do two women quickly apply to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces ?	makeup


33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	man is wearing what and is sitting behind the man playing the flute ?	shirt
33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	what is man wearing ?	shirt


33842	She grasps the bar and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly .	she grasps what and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly ?	bar
33842	She grasps the bar and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly .	what does she grasp ?	bar


33848	He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front .	he puts what all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front ?	clothing
33848	He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front .	what does he put all over his body and several others ?	clothing


33859	Another person is seen standing on the other side and then hit a ball to one another .	another person is seen and then hit what to one another ?	ball
33859	Another person is seen standing on the other side and then hit a ball to one another .	another person then hit what to one another ?	ball


33867	He removes the flag , then pulls a line out of the ground .	he removes what , then pulls a line out of the ground ?	flag
33867	He removes the flag , then pulls a line out of the ground .	what does he remove ?	flag


33872	The lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing .	the lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes what over the wax paper drawing ?	holes
33872	The lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing .	what does the lady poke over the wax paper drawing ?	holes


33877	The lady flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton .	the lady flips forwards and backwards and catches what ?	baton
33877	The lady flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton .	what does the lady catch ?	baton


33878	The lady spins and catches her baton again .	the lady spins and catches what again ?	baton
33878	The lady spins and catches her baton again .	what does the lady catch again ?	baton


33879	The lady flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing .	the lady flips multiple times and catches what before posing ?	baton
33879	The lady flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing .	what does the lady catch before posing ?	baton


33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	one girl misses what and runs into the mat ?	trampoline
33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	what does one girl miss ?	trampoline


33935	The man holds a drink up and puts it down .	the man holds what up and puts it down ?	drink
33935	The man holds a drink up and puts it down .	what does the man hold up ?	drink


33937	The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick .	the man puts what on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick ?	strainer
33937	The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick .	what does the man put on the glass ?	strainer


NEW

33971	A woman appears and disappears under the water as she swims in an olympic sized pool .	where does the woman disappear under the water as she swims . ?	pool


33987	A man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots the ball .	the man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots what ?	ball
33987	A man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots the ball .	what does the man shoot ?	ball


34050	The man places the hose back and starts to leave .	the man places what back and starts to leave ?	hose
34050	The man places the hose back and starts to leave .	what does the man place back ?	hose


34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	he mounts off what and hits the cow several times ?	horse
34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	what does he mount off ?	horse


34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	he mounts off the horse and hits what ?	cow
34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	what does he hit ?	cow


NEW

34066	The man wraps the sandwich in paper and puts it in a plastic bag .	where does the man put it . ?	bag


34085	The hand returns with an ink dropper and creates pictures with ink .	the hand returns with an ink dropper and creates what with ink ?	pictures
34085	The hand returns with an ink dropper and creates pictures with ink .	what does the hand create with ink ?	pictures


34087	The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet .	the woman in black shirt is bend over and hit what with mallet ?	ball
34087	The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet .	what did the woman in black shirt hit with mallet ?	ball


34097	The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again .	the woman then climbs what and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again ?	wall
34097	The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again .	the woman then climbs what and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand ?	wall


34122	The people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep one hand on at all times .	the people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep how many hand on at all times ?	one
34122	The people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep one hand on at all times .	how many hand do the people also keep on at all times ?	one


34135	The group climb up the stairs to the top of the platform .	the group climb up what to the top of the platform ?	stairs
34135	The group climb up the stairs to the top of the platform .	what do the group climb up to the top of the platform ?	stairs


34141	He flips the broom over and lays it flat on the floor .	he flips what over and lays it flat on the floor ?	broom
34141	He flips the broom over and lays it flat on the floor .	what does he flip over ?	broom


34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	the guy throws golf what with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room ?	ball
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	what does the guy throw golf with his back toward the table ?	ball


34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	the guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves what ?	room
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	what does the guy leave ?	room


34159	He sets up the bow and gets his arrows .	he sets up what and gets his arrows ?	bow
34159	He sets up the bow and gets his arrows .	what does he set up ?	bow


NEW

34161	He pulls out an arrow and and sets it in his bow .	where does he set it . ?	bow


34165	A man shows a ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table .	the man shows what on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table ?	ball
34165	A man shows a ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table .	what does the man show on a stick ?	ball


34177	The female puts more cleaner on the rag and cleans the counter top .	the female puts what on the rag and cleans the counter top ?	cleaner
34177	The female puts more cleaner on the rag and cleans the counter top .	what does the female put on the rag ?	cleaner


34186	The man catches the calf and ties it up .	the man catches what and ties it up ?	calf
34186	The man catches the calf and ties it up .	what does the man catch ?	calf


34188	He pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently scrub ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop .	he pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently how many ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop ?	scrub
34188	He pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently scrub ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop .	how many ad does he use it to gently rub it over the furniture and tabletop ?	scrub


34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	she puts what on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera ?	apron
34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	what does she put on ?	apron


34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	she puts an apron on and pours what into a bucket while speaking to the camera ?	paint
34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	what does she pour into a bucket while speaking to the camera ?	paint


34263	The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing .	the woman sets the iron aside and flips what ?	clothing
34263	The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing .	what does the woman flip ?	clothing


34287	She climbs up the side of the playground and goes down the slide again .	she climbs up the side of the playground and goes down what again ?	slide
34287	She climbs up the side of the playground and goes down the slide again .	what does she go down again ?	slide


34297	She bends over and fixes her uniform , dusting off her bottom as she walks away .	she bends over and fixes what , dusting off her bottom ?	uniform
34297	She bends over and fixes her uniform , dusting off her bottom as she walks away .	what is she fixes ?	uniform


34305	One of the players kicks the ball into the stands and walks off with his head down .	one of the players kicks what into the stands and walks off with his head down ?	ball
34305	One of the players kicks the ball into the stands and walks off with his head down .	what does one of the players kick into the stands ?	ball


34327	He peels off the layers and begins rubbing down the carpet .	he peels off what and begins rubbing down the carpet ?	layers
34327	He peels off the layers and begins rubbing down the carpet .	what does he peel off ?	layers


34329	Finally the person vacuums up the carpet and is seen standing next to the vacuum .	finally the person vacuums up what and is seen standing next to the vacuum ?	carpet
34329	Finally the person vacuums up the carpet and is seen standing next to the vacuum .	what does finally the person vacuum up ?	carpet


34331	The male with the bar lifts the weights , drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight , drops his belt and walks off .	the male with the bar lifts the weights , drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight , drops what and walks off ?	belt
34331	The male with the bar lifts the weights , drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight , drops his belt and walks off .	what does the male with the bar drop ?	belt


34333	She grabs some makeup and begins putting it all over her face .	she grabs what and begins putting it all over her face ?	makeup
34333	She grabs some makeup and begins putting it all over her face .	what does she grab ?	makeup


34352	The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato .	the man then puts what onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato ?	potato
34352	The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato .	what does the man then put onto the pointy metal piece ?	potato


34360	The woman finishes her dance and picks up her wrap .	the woman finishes her dance and picks up what ?	wrap
34360	The woman finishes her dance and picks up her wrap .	what does the woman pick up ?	wrap


NEW

34373	After some time , they finish fighting and stand still across from one another in the gym .	where do after some time , they stand across from one another . ?	gym


34391	The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins .	the yellow team on the left side pulls what mostly to the left or wins ?	rope
34391	The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins .	what does the yellow team on the left side pull mostly to the left ?	rope


34399	He picks up another rubiks cube and starts completing it .	he picks up what and starts completing it ?	cube
34399	He picks up another rubiks cube and starts completing it .	what does he pick up ?	cube


34401	the woman stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush .	the woman stands up and points what to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush ?	camera
34401	the woman stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush .	what does the woman point ?	camera


34431	They then rinse the cars and wipe them clean .	they then rinse what and wipe them clean ?	cars
34431	They then rinse the cars and wipe them clean .	what do they then rinse ?	cars


34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	he sharpens what and cuts a tomato ?	knife
34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	what does he sharpen ?	knife


34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	he sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts what ?	tomato
34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	what does he cut ?	tomato


34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens what and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	knife
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens what and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	knife


34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts what into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	tomato
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	what does the man in the red polo shirt cut into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	tomato


34437	The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread .	the demonstrator then sharpens what and slices a loaf of bread ?	knife
34437	The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread .	what does the demonstrator then sharpen ?	knife


34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	little kid is wearing what and is standing nxt to a car ?	clothes
34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	what is little kid wearing ?	clothes


34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	the lady puts what in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush ?	shoe
34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	what does the lady put in the bucket ?	shoe


NEW

34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	where does the lady put her shoe . ?	bucket


34501	She lifts the violin up and starts playing it .	she lifts what up and starts playing it ?	violin
34501	She lifts the violin up and starts playing it .	what does she lift up ?	violin


34527	The man then spins around and throws the ball into the field .	the man then spins around and throws what into the field ?	ball
34527	The man then spins around and throws the ball into the field .	what does the man throw into the field ?	ball


34532	A man puts a harness on and steps on a bridge .	the man puts what on and steps on a bridge ?	harness
34532	A man puts a harness on and steps on a bridge .	what does the man put on ?	harness


NEW

34534	A boat drives up and puts him in the boat .	where does the boat put him . ?	boat


34554	The boy get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it .	the boy get what under the bed and is holding it and then drink it ?	bottle
34554	The boy get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it .	what do the boy get under the bed ?	bottle


NEW

34555	The boy went back to bed and pretend to sleep while the girl went back in the room .	where do the boy pretend to sleep while the girl went . ?	room


34566	The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera .	the woman puts what around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera ?	ribbon
34566	The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera .	what does the woman put around the side as well as a label ?	ribbon


34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	the baker then scoops out how many level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour ?	four
34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	how many level tablespoons does the baker then scoop out from a yellow container of cornstarch ?	four


34580	The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times .	the baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients how many times ?	three
34580	The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times .	how many times does the baker begin sifting the ingredients ?	three


34598	A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board .	the man walks up and pulls what out of the board ?	dart
34598	A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board .	what does the man pull out of the board ?	dart


34601	Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game .	another blue player gets what from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game ?	ball
34601	Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game .	what does another blue player get from out of bounds ?	ball


34604	A man starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn .	the man starts what and begins mowing the lawn ?	mower
34604	A man starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn .	what does the man start ?	mower


34607	She then dips the mops into a bucket and washes them along the floor .	she then dips what into a bucket and washes them along the floor ?	mops
34607	She then dips the mops into a bucket and washes them along the floor .	what did she then dip into a bucket ?	mops


34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	the girl turns off what , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush ?	faucet
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	what does the girl turn off ?	faucet


34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	the girl turns off the faucet , unscrews what , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush ?	toothpaste
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	what does the girl unscrew ?	toothpaste


34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	the girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts what on her toothbrush ?	toothpaste
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	what does the girl put on her toothbrush ?	toothpaste


34677	He finishes the plate by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up .	he finishes what by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up ?	plate
34677	He finishes the plate by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up .	what does he finish by making an omelette ?	plate


34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	the person wets what and puts shampoo on it ?	dog
34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	what does the person wet ?	dog


34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	the person wets the dog and puts what on it ?	shampoo
34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	what does the person put on it ?	shampoo


34683	They stand the dog up and wash him .	they stand what up and wash him ?	dog
34683	They stand the dog up and wash him .	what do they stand up ?	dog


34688	She picks up a brush and scrubs the clothing .	she picks up a brush and scrubs what ?	clothing
34688	She picks up a brush and scrubs the clothing .	what does she scrub ?	clothing


34690	She picks up the clothing and sets it next to her .	she picks up what and sets it next to her ?	clothing
34690	She picks up the clothing and sets it next to her .	what does she pick up ?	clothing


34692	The man mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it .	the man mounts what and spins his legs around it ?	horse
34692	The man mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it .	what does the man mount ?	horse


34700	A man turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot .	the man turns around while water skiing and holds what with his foot ?	rope
34700	A man turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot .	what does the man hold with his foot ?	rope


34739	He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish .	he uses a bait to fish and catches what ?	fish
34739	He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish .	what does he catch ?	fish


34741	Then he puts his fishing net in a hole in the lake and continues fishing .	then he puts fishing what in a hole in the lake and continues fishing ?	net
34741	Then he puts his fishing net in a hole in the lake and continues fishing .	what does then he put fishing in a hole in the lake ?	net


34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	he catches what and tosses it in his box ?	fish
34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	what does he catch ?	fish


NEW

34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	where does he toss it . ?	box


34743	He continues fishing and catches more fish in that same hole .	he continues fishing and catches what in that same hole ?	fish
34743	He continues fishing and catches more fish in that same hole .	what does he catch in that same hole ?	fish


34754	She grabs a paper towel and dries her hands .	she grabs what and dries her hands ?	towel
34754	She grabs a paper towel and dries her hands .	what does she grab ?	towel


NEW

34759	A man sits in a room and discusses .	where does the man sit . ?	room


34791	They pour ingredients into a large bowl and mix it together .	they pour what into a large bowl and mix it together ?	ingredients
34791	They pour ingredients into a large bowl and mix it together .	what do they pour into a large bowl ?	ingredients


34798	She pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned .	she pours what onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned ?	soap
34798	She pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned .	what does she pour onto the dog ?	soap


34805	People get back into their car and put the snowboard on top of the car .	people get back into their car and put what on top of the car ?	snowboard
34805	People get back into their car and put the snowboard on top of the car .	what did people put on top of the car ?	snowboard


34829	After , the boys receive help from a male and puts the tree topper on .	after , the boys receive help from a male and puts what on ?	topper
34829	After , the boys receive help from a male and puts the tree topper on .	what does after , the boys put on ?	topper


34840	The little girl spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times .	the little girl spins what around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times ?	hoop
34840	The little girl spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times .	what does the little girl spin around her waste ?	hoop


34848	She drops the baton , but picks it back up and continues with the routine .	she drops what , but picks it back up and continues with the routine ?	baton
34848	She drops the baton , but picks it back up and continues with the routine .	what does she drop ?	baton


34851	One grab the ball and puts it back into play .	one grab what and puts it back into play ?	ball
34851	One grab the ball and puts it back into play .	what do one grab ?	ball


34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	the man adds what and puts a tool in the seam ?	strip
34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	what does the man add ?	strip


NEW

34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	where does the man put a tool . ?	seam


NEW

34872	They stop and get a in a circle in the pool and start throwing the ball between each other .	where do they stop and get a in a circle . ?	pool


34929	He goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over cliffs .	he goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over what ?	cliffs
34929	He goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over cliffs .	what does he stand over ?	cliffs


34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	she walks what and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round ?	bar
34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	what does she walk ?	bar


34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	she walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off what ?	bar
34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	she finally jumps off what ?	bar


34966	One of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while the two other teens watch him .	one of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while how many other teens watch him ?	two
34966	One of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while the two other teens watch him .	how many other teens does one of the teen aim to hit the ball with his mallet while watch him ?	two


34986	Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls .	another man steps up with the pool stick and hits what ?	balls
34986	Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls .	what does another man steps hit ?	balls


35052	The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera .	the man then swings what down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera ?	axe
35052	The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera .	the man then swings what down ?	axe


35063	The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway .	the man reaches what and turns to finish the other side of the walkway ?	house
35063	The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway .	what does the man reach ?	house


35081	A man sits at a table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop .	the man sits at a table and holds what ?	screwdriver
35081	A man sits at a table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop .	what does the man hold ?	screwdriver


35112	She puts the new one on and then uses tools to tighten it back on .	she puts the new one on and then uses what ?	tools
35112	She puts the new one on and then uses tools to tighten it back on .	she then uses what ?	tools


35114	She then shows another saddle and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle .	she then shows what and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle ?	saddle
35114	She then shows another saddle and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle .	what does she then show ?	saddle


35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	the chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws what demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put ?	ball
35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	what does the chubby man throw demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put ?	ball


35145	She bends down and grabs the pole .	she bends down and grabs what ?	pole
35145	She bends down and grabs the pole .	what does she grab ?	pole


35147	The lady drops the barbell and smiles .	the lady drops what and smiles ?	barbell
35147	The lady drops the barbell and smiles .	what does the lady drop ?	barbell


35154	The young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it .	the young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds what down over it ?	sock
35154	The young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it .	what does the young boy fold down over it ?	sock


NEW

35169	He returns home , and looks in his water bowl .	where does he look . ?	bowl


35173	The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera .	the woman sets down the tool and pets what while talking to the camera ?	dog
35173	The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera .	what does the woman pet while talking to the camera ?	dog


35194	The man on the ground removes his pink boot , throws it on the side and stands up smiling .	the man on the ground removes what , throws it on the side and stands up smiling ?	boot
35194	The man on the ground removes his pink boot , throws it on the side and stands up smiling .	what does the man on the ground remove ?	boot


35195	The girl grabs his pink boot , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her .	the girl grabs what , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her ?	boot
35195	The girl grabs his pink boot , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her .	what does the girl grab ?	boot


35196	The girl then grabs the left boot , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them .	the girl then grabs what , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them ?	boot
35196	The girl then grabs the left boot , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them .	what does the girl then grab ?	boot


35218	Then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps the tree .	then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps what ?	tree
35218	Then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps the tree .	what does then he wrap ?	tree


NEW

35250	The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg .	where does the swimmer pull a muscle . ?	pool


NEW

35252	The athlete swims in a lane and pulls himself along with the float line .	where does the athlete swim . ?	lane


35253	The swimmer swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor .	the swimmer swims underwater and pushes off what ?	floor
35253	The swimmer swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor .	what does the swimmer push off ?	floor


35293	She gets a spare tire out and sets it on the ground .	she gets what out and sets it on the ground ?	tire
35293	She gets a spare tire out and sets it on the ground .	what does she get out ?	tire


35325	Then , she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time the rods .	then , she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time what ?	rods
35325	Then , she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time the rods .	what does then , she spin at the same time ?	rods


35326	After , the cheerleader put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod .	after , the cheerleader put how many rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod ?	one
35326	After , the cheerleader put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod .	how many rod did after , the cheerleader put on the floor ?	one


35372	When they finish , they freeze in a pose and the screen turns black .	, they freeze in a pose and what turns black ?	screen
35372	When they finish , they freeze in a pose and the screen turns black .	what do , they freeze in a pose and turns black ?	screen


35394	They briefly wrestle while one man gets thrown out of the ring .	they briefly wrestle while how many man gets thrown out of the ring ?	one
35394	They briefly wrestle while one man gets thrown out of the ring .	how many man do they briefly wrestle while gets thrown out of the ring ?	one


35418	A boy does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records .	the boy does what and back hand springs on the grass ?	cartwheels
35418	A boy does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records .	what does the boy do ?	cartwheels


35436	A man picks up a long pole and starts running down a track .	the man picks up what and starts running down a track ?	pole
35436	A man picks up a long pole and starts running down a track .	what does the man pick up ?	pole


35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	she drinks what and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball ?	drink
35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	what does she drink ?	drink


35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	she drinks her drink and then wets what in water before throwing her ball ?	ball
35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	she then wets what in water before throwing her ball ?	ball


NEW

35483	She then turns on the faucet and rinses her hands , dries them , and puts the napkin in the trash can .	where does she then put the napkin . ?	can


35490	She then throws the baton from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand .	she then throws what from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand ?	baton
35490	She then throws the baton from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand .	what does she then throw from underneath her leg ?	baton


35493	She finally bows down and holds the baton straight in her hand .	she finally bows down and holds what straight in her hand ?	baton
35493	She finally bows down and holds the baton straight in her hand .	what does she finally hold straight in her hand ?	baton


35506	A male attaches two hollow sticks on a bull and runs off .	the male attaches how many hollow sticks on a bull and runs off ?	two
35506	A male attaches two hollow sticks on a bull and runs off .	how many hollow sticks does the male attach on a bull ?	two


35519	little kid is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side .	little kid is wearng what and is hanging from a side to side ?	shirt
35519	little kid is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side .	what is little kid wearng ?	shirt


35524	He takes the Nova rod and shows how he can weld the two pieces together .	he takes the nova rod and shows how he can weld how many pieces together ?	two
35524	He takes the Nova rod and shows how he can weld the two pieces together .	how many pieces does he show how he can weld together ?	two


35526	Then he hits the plates with a hammer and scrubs off the dust .	then he hits what with a hammer and scrubs off the dust ?	plates
35526	Then he hits the plates with a hammer and scrubs off the dust .	what does then he hit with a hammer ?	plates


35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	man is holding what and is recording the man in the piano ?	cellphone
35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	what is man holding ?	cellphone


NEW

35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	where is man recording the man . ?	piano


35544	A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield .	the boy in red jacket holds what and remove snow from a car windshield ?	tool
35544	A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield .	what does the boy in red jacket hold ?	tool


35545	The boy turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly .	the boy turns what and uses the edge corner edge briefly ?	tool
35545	The boy turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly .	what does the boy turn ?	tool


35579	The diver is holding his eye mask , and put it on .	the diver is holding what , and put it on ?	mask
35579	The diver is holding his eye mask , and put it on .	what is the diver holding ?	mask


35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	the bull enters what and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	corral
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	what does the bull enter , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	corral


35617	The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel .	the pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around what ?	wheel
35617	The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel .	what did the pieces tighten around ?	wheel


35621	The person put back the phone , and started typing on the black keyboard .	the person put back what , and started typing on the black keyboard ?	phone
35621	The person put back the phone , and started typing on the black keyboard .	what did the person put back ?	phone


35628	The woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it .	the woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got what and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it ?	soap
35628	The woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it .	what did the woman get ?	soap


35646	A man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt .	the man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs what on a roof ?	slate
35646	A man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt .	the man then installs what on a roof ?	slate


35730	After , the horseman throws the hoop and catch the calf , then quickly he lie the calf on the floor and tie the legs .	, then quickly he lie what on the floor and tie the legs ?	calf
35730	After , the horseman throws the hoop and catch the calf , then quickly he lie the calf on the floor and tie the legs .	what do , then quickly he lie on the floor ?	calf


35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	they then put what on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water ?	soap
35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	what do they then put on their hands ?	soap


35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	they then put soap on their hands , scrub what in , and rinse their hands through the water ?	soap
35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	what do they then scrub in ?	soap


35757	The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again .	the person then rinses what again and wipes it down with the blue towel again ?	sink
35757	The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again .	what does the person then rinse again ?	sink


35758	The person sprays the sink with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink .	the person sprays what with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink ?	sink
35758	The person sprays the sink with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink .	what did the person spray with a solution ?	sink


35781	She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools .	she pours cleaner in a sink and describes cleaning what ?	tools
35781	She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools .	what does she describe cleaning ?	tools


NEW

35781	She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools .	where does she pour cleaner . ?	sink


NEW

35782	She puts a powder in the sink and squeezes a lemon over the powder .	where does she put a powder . ?	sink


35784	She turns the water on for a second and then uses a stone on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything .	she turns the water on for a second and then uses what on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything ?	stone
35784	She turns the water on for a second and then uses a stone on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything .	she then uses what on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything ?	stone


35785	A man holds a welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area .	the man holds welding what and adjusts it while showing his work area ?	device
35785	A man holds a welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area .	what does the man hold welding ?	device


35791	The man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces .	the man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off what ?	pieces
35791	The man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces .	what does the man chip off ?	pieces


35794	The person then puts the contact lens in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times .	the person then puts contact what in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times ?	lens
35794	The person then puts the contact lens in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times .	what does the person then put contact in their eye ?	lens


35832	A man with glasses playing an accordion and smiling .	the man with glasses playing what and smiling ?	accordion
35832	A man with glasses playing an accordion and smiling .	what is the man with glasses playing ?	accordion


35851	The camera pans out and shows a silver car .	the camera pans out and shows what ?	car
35851	The camera pans out and shows a silver car .	what does the camera show ?	car


35854	They dip the stick into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car .	they dip what into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car ?	stick
35854	They dip the stick into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car .	what do they dip into a bucket of soapy water ?	stick


35855	They hold the hose up and pour the water on their face .	they hold what up and pour the water on their face ?	hose
35855	They hold the hose up and pour the water on their face .	what do they hold up ?	hose


35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	the man takes some white paste out of a can , adds what to it and mixes it ?	coloring
35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	what does the man add to it ?	coloring


35902	She brings out batons and twirls them around while dancing .	she brings out what and twirls them around while dancing ?	batons
35902	She brings out batons and twirls them around while dancing .	what does she bring out ?	batons


35911	Both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add toothpaste at the same time .	both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add what at the same time ?	toothpaste
35911	Both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add toothpaste at the same time .	what do both the man and the girl add at the same time ?	toothpaste


35916	They walk away together and turn off the bathroom light .	they walk away together and turn off what ?	light
35916	They walk away together and turn off the bathroom light .	what do they turn off ?	light


35918	He pulls out a harmonica and begins to play it .	he pulls out what and begins to play it ?	harmonica
35918	He pulls out a harmonica and begins to play it .	what does he pull out ?	harmonica


35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	the person removes what from the table and shows the finished product ?	painting
35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	what does the person remove from the table ?	painting


35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	the person removes the painting from the table and shows what ?	product
35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	what does the person show ?	product


35954	They repeat the steps as the chorus of the song repeats .	they repeat what as the chorus of the song repeats ?	steps
35954	They repeat the steps as the chorus of the song repeats .	what do they repeat as the chorus of the song repeats ?	steps


35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	then , the man put and fix what in the bike ?	wheel
35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	what do then , the man put and fix in the bike ?	wheel


NEW

35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	where do then , the man put and fix the wheel . ?	bicycle


36042	woman is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil .	woman is ni front of the stove and pour what into water in a pan till boil ?	sugar
36042	woman is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil .	what do woman pour into water in a pan till boil ?	sugar


36048	After , the man dry the car manually with a cloth .	after , the man dry what manually with a cloth ?	car
36048	After , the man dry the car manually with a cloth .	what do after , the man dry manually with a cloth ?	car


36068	The man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down .	the man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails what down ?	hem
36068	The man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down .	what does the man nail down ?	hem


NEW

36089	A man stands in a dance studio and shows how he sets up for different dance postures .	where does the man stand . ?	studio


36102	The athlete raised his barbel but was n't able to go all the way up his head .	the athlete raised what but was n't able to go all the way up his head ?	barbel
36102	The athlete raised his barbel but was n't able to go all the way up his head .	what did the athlete raise ?	barbel


36104	A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home .	the man in blue gym shorts iron what on an ironing board at home ?	clothes
36104	A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home .	what do the man in blue gym shorts iron on an ironing board at home ?	clothes


36105	The man sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up .	the man sits down on the floor and folds what and stacks them up ?	clothes
36105	The man sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up .	the man sits down on the floor and folds what ?	clothes


NEW

36165	Men travel in a plane and arrives to the top of a mountain .	where do men travel . ?	airplane


36173	A man is holding a guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar .	the man is holding what and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar ?	guitar
36173	A man is holding a guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar .	what is the man holding ?	guitar


36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	the person pulls what out of the box and cuts a circle around the top ?	pumpkins
36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	what does the person pull out of the box ?	pumpkins


36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	the person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts what around the top ?	circle
36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	what does the person cut around the top ?	circle


NEW

36229	In her hand , she has a small circular container with shoe polish it and takes a rag and dips the rag in the container .	where does in her hand , she take a rag and dips the rag . ?	container


36234	A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point .	the girl shoots what into the goal and achieves a point ?	ball
36234	A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point .	what does the girl shoot into the goal ?	ball


36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	the man then sprays what with windex and wipes the window ?	window
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	what did the man then spray with windex ?	window


36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	the man then sprays the window with windex and wipes what ?	window
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	what does the man then wipe ?	window


36246	An African American male gymnast in a blue leotard steps under two bars and begins stretching .	an african american male gymnast in a blue leotard what under two bars and begins stretching ?	steps
36246	An African American male gymnast in a blue leotard steps under two bars and begins stretching .	what did an african american male gymnast in a blue leotard under two bars ?	steps


36247	He grabs the bars and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars .	he grabs what and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars ?	bars
36247	He grabs the bars and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars .	what does he grab ?	bars


36328	We see another instruction screen and see the person inserts the lens on the left .	we see what and see the person inserts the lens on the left ?	screen
36328	We see another instruction screen and see the person inserts the lens on the left .	what do we see ?	screen


36334	He skiis and walks up various hills .	he skiis and walks up what ?	hills
36334	He skiis and walks up various hills .	what does he walk up ?	hills


36336	He jumps off a hill and tries to do a 360 but falls .	he jumps off what and tries to do a 360 but falls ?	hill
36336	He jumps off a hill and tries to do a 360 but falls .	he jumps off what and tries to do a 360 ?	hill


36364	He holds up a bottle of cleanser , and uses a rag to wipe it onto the woman 's face , before wiping it clean again .	he holds up a bottle of cleanser , and uses what , before wiping it clean again ?	rag
36364	He holds up a bottle of cleanser , and uses a rag to wipe it onto the woman 's face , before wiping it clean again .	what does he use ?	rag


36395	They play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other .	they play a game of water polo and throw what around to each other ?	ball
36395	They play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other .	what do they throw around to each other ?	ball


36396	One throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer .	one throws what into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer ?	ball
36396	One throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer .	what does one throw into the net ?	ball


36409	The group removes the sled from the water and lifts it to drain the water .	the group removes what from the water and lifts it to drain the water ?	sled
36409	The group removes the sled from the water and lifts it to drain the water .	what does the group remove from the water ?	sled


36429	Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table .	then the boy gets off what and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table ?	bed
36429	Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table .	what does then the boy get off ?	bed


36446	The man lifts the dog up and walks away with it .	the man lifts what up and walks away with it ?	dog
36446	The man lifts the dog up and walks away with it .	what does the man lift up ?	dog


36479	He swings the cape and runs near other men , teasing the bull into chasing him .	he swings what and runs near other men , teasing the bull into chasing him ?	cape
36479	He swings the cape and runs near other men , teasing the bull into chasing him .	what does he swing ?	cape


36601	They leave their snowboards and walk into a cabin .	they leave what and walk into a cabin ?	snowboards
36601	They leave their snowboards and walk into a cabin .	what do they leave ?	snowboards


36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	at the end , she adjusts what and adds a star to the top of the tree ?	ornaments
36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	what does at the end , she adjust ?	ornaments


36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	at the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds what to the top of the tree ?	star
36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	what does at the end , she add to the top of the tree ?	star


36612	A man kicks sand at and shoos the dog .	the man kicks sand at and shoos what ?	dog
36612	A man kicks sand at and shoos the dog .	what does the man shoo ?	dog


36624	She puts the bar down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience .	she puts what down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience ?	bar
36624	She puts the bar down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience .	what does she put down ?	bar


36637	He picks up a can and sprays it on the woman 's arm and rubs it .	he picks up what and sprays it on the woman 's arm and rubs it ?	can
36637	He picks up a can and sprays it on the woman 's arm and rubs it .	what does he pick up ?	can


36639	He picks up a third container and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well .	he picks up what and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well ?	container
36639	He picks up a third container and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well .	what does he pick up ?	container


36640	He picks up a fourth tube and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in .	he picks up what and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in ?	tube
36640	He picks up a fourth tube and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in .	what does he pick up ?	tube


36647	The man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off the rope .	the man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off what ?	rope
36647	The man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off the rope .	what does the man fall off ?	rope


36687	The male 's friend then grabs a bar and begins lifting weights and jerking .	the male 's friend then grabs what and begins lifting weights and jerking ?	bar
36687	The male 's friend then grabs a bar and begins lifting weights and jerking .	the male 's friend then grabs what ?	bar


36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , the cooker cut what and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables ?	tomatoes
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	what did then , the cooker cut ?	tomatoes


36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds what ?	vegetables
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , the cooker also adds what ?	vegetables


36696	After , the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper .	after , the cooker adds water and covers what with aluminum paper ?	pot
36696	After , the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper .	what does after , the cooker cover with aluminum paper ?	pot


36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	next , the cooker add what to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking ?	pasta
36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	what do next , the cooker add to the squid and mix , then he ?	pasta


NEW

36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	where does next , the cooker serve . ?	dish


